
 

Bi patriy

Master Subscription Services Agreement

This Master Subscription Services Agreement (“Agreement”) is between CLM Matrix, a Texas corporation (CLM) and Agrium U.S, Inc. a

Colorado corporation (Customer), and is dated as of the date of last signature.

Whereas, CLM is in the business of providing web hosted SaaS solutions; and

Whereas, Customer requires such services with respect to its information technology needs; and

Now, therefore, In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement, and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto intending to be legally bound by the terms of
this Agreement agree as follows:

1)

2)

3)

4)

CONTRACT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT SERVICE. CLM shall provide Customer’s User (as defined below) access to a proprietary online
subscription service consisting of an Internet based contract lifecycle management system which includes the following functionality:

- Contract Modeling ~ ability to input contract metadata into the system

- Contract Portal - role based repository of contract information in tabular form

- Contract Monitoring and Tracking - ability to perform user defined ad hoc reporting

- Rule and Policy Based Workflow - ability to set up alerts notifications and reminders based on critical contract dates and
obligations.

- Software Maintenance and Service Level Support

collectively, the “Service(s)".

CLM will provide the Service through a [URL] provided by CLM within a hosted server environment and under the terms below. This
Agreement contemplates one or more arders for the Services, which orders are governed by the terms of this Agreement and will describe
the Services ordered in more detail (which may include a setup statement of work). Customer may access the Services in compliance with
the terms of this Agreement, which access must be for the sole benefit of Customer, Customer is responsible for the compliance with this
Agreement by its employees and contractors.

“User” means a named individual to whom Customer has expressly authorized and granted access to use the Services on Customer’s
behalf, regardless of whether or not the User actually accesses the Service. Users may be Customer's or its affiliates’, employees,
consultants, contractors or agents. If Customer rescinds a User's access to the Service, Customer may transfer the User's seat to another
Customer employee, consultant, agent or contractor,

USE OF SERVICES,

a). CLM Responsibilities. CLM must (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Services available, except for (x) scheduled
outages, or (y) unavailability caused by force majeure, (il) use commercially reasonable efforts to protect the Customer Data from
unauthorized access, and (iil) provide customer support for the Services at no additional charge.

b). Customer Responsibilities, Customer (1) is responsible for maintenance of Customer Data, (ii) must use commercially reasonable
efforts to prevent unauthorized access to the Services, and notlfy CLM promptly of any such unauthorized access, and (III) may use
the Services only In accordance with the CLM user gulde and applicable law.

Customer may not (w) sell, resell, rent or lease the Services, (x) use the Services to knowingly store or transmit infringing, libelous,
or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party rights, (y) intentionally interfere
with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Services, or (z) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or their related
systems or networks.

PAYMENT TERMS, Customer must pay all fees within forty-five (45) days of receipt of an undisputed invoice. Customer is responsible
for applicable sales, use and other similar taxes. Should Customer dispute an invoice or part thereof, Customer shall notify CLM and
parties will in good faith endeavor to resolve the dispute. Customer shall pay any undisputed portion of the invoice in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement. Payment for first month service must be received prier to activation of the Services.

WARRANTY and REMEDY.
a). CLM Limited Warranty. CLM warrants to Customer (i) that commercially reasonable efforts will be made to maintain the online
avallability of the Services for a minimum of availability in any given month as provided in Schedule B (excluding scheduled outages),

(il) the functlonallty of the Services will not decrease, (iii) and the customer support will not degrade, as set forth in Schedule B.

Further, CLM warrants that: (i) it possesses the business, professional, and technical expertise to perform the Services; (ii) it or its
subcontractor possess the equipment, facilities, and employees to perform the Services; (iil) it shall perform the Services in

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 01/31/18 Page 1 of 13
Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

1TA48276 = Approved by Agrium US Legal

5)

b).

c).

compliance with all applicable laws; (iv) CLM, its applicable subcontractors, will at all times maintain al! applicable permits, licenses,
certificates, or approvals required by applicable laws to perform the Services; (v) it will use reasonable security measures consistent
with best practices in the industry to protect Customer's Data, Confidential Information, cardholder data and customer information;
(vi) if applicable, each deliverable will constitute original development by CLM for Customer's possession and use as intended and
will not infringe any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of any third party; and (vii) ithas
no other agreement or relationship or commitment to any person or entity that conflicts with this Agreement.

. Except for CLM‘s indemnification obligations hereunder or as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, including Section 11, Customer's exclusive remedy and CLM’s sole obligation for breach of the warrantyherein will be
for CLM to provide a credit as provided in Schedule B (if this Agreement is not renewed, then a refund), for the month in question;
provided that Customer notifies EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, CLM of such breach within 90 days of the end of the
month in question, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING SECTION 11, CLM DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY THAT SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE OR
WITHOUT DELAY, AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Each party represents and warrants to the other party that it will comply with all
applicable laws, including foreign export controls, regarding its performance under this Agreement, including without limitation
privacy related laws.

MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY.

aj.

b).

c).

. Confidential Information means all confidential information disclosed by a party
(Discloser) to the other party (Recipient), including but not limited to certain secret, confidential, and other valuable information
of Discloser, which information includes business plans, financial information, marketing information, software programs, software
source documents, formulae, trade secrets, know how, or Customer Data, whether orally or in writing, that is designated as
confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of
disclosure (Confidential Information). CLM's Confidential Information includes the Services.

. The Recipient must use the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality
of its own confidential information of like kind (but in no event less than reasonable care) not to disclose or use any Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement. The Recipient must make commercially
reasonable efforts to limit access to Confidential Information of Discloser to those of its employees, [contractors] and agents who
need such access for purposes consistent with this Agreement and who are bound by confidentiality obligations to Recipient no less
restrictive than the confidentiality terms of this Agreement.

Exclusions. Confidential Information excludes information that: (i) ls or becomes generally known to the public without breach of
any obligation owed to Discloser, (ii) was known to the Recipient prior to its disclosure by the Discloser without breach of any
obligation owed to the Discloser, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to Discloser, or (iv) was
independently developed by the Recipient without use or access to the Confidential Information.

dd). Data Security. CLM shall at all times during the Term provide and maintain up-to-date security with respect to (a) the Services, (b)

e).

CLM's physical facilities, and (c) CLM's networks, to prevent unauthorized access or “hacking” of Customer Confidential Information.
CLM shall provide security for [ts networks and all internet connections consistent with best practices, and CLM shall promptly install
all patches, fixes, upgrades, updates and new versions of any security software it employs. CLM shall maintain appropriate
safeguards to restrict access to Customer's Confidential Information te those employees, agents or service providers of CLM who
need the information to carry out the purposes for which it was disclosed to CLM. For information disclosed in electronic form, CLM
agrees that appropriate safeguards including but not limited to the use of multi-factor authentication, electronic barriers (e.g,
“firewalls” or similar barriers) and password protected access to Customer's Confidential Information. For information disclosed in
written form, CLM agrees that appropriate safeguards Include secured storage of Customer's Confidential Information. CLM also will
establish and maintain any additional physical, electronic and procedural controls and safeguards to protect the Customer
Confidential Information from unwarranted disclosure as may be required for Customer to comply with all applicable federal,
international and state laws and regulations now In effect or hereafter imposed, passed or promulgated.

In the event of any reasonably suspected disclosure or loss of, inability to account for, or unauthorized access to any Confidential
Information of the disclosing Party, the receiving Party shall (a) notify the disclosing Party promptly upon becoming aware thereof,
and (b) take any actions reasonably requested by, and provide all reasonable cooperation with, the disclosing Party to minimize the
disclosure or loss and mitigate any damage associated with such disclosure or loss.

Remedies. CLM acknowledges and agrees that remedy at law for a breach or threatened breach of any Of the provisions under this

Section 5 would be inadequate and, in recognition of this fact, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by CLM of any of the provisions
containted in this Section S, Customer, without posting any bond, shall be entitied to obtain provisional equitable relief in the form of
temporary restraining order and/or temporary injunction or any other provisional equitable remedy which may then be available, and
CLM hereby agrees not to consent same, Nothing herein contained shall be construed as prohibiting Customer from pursuing any other
remedies available to it from such breach or threatened breach. Pursuit of any remedy at law or in equity shall not be deemed as an
election of remedies.

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 01/31/18 Page 2 of 13
Copyright © 2018 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

1TA48276 ~ Approved by Agrium US Legal

6) PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.

a).

b).

c).

d).

e).

Beservation of Rights by CLM. The software, workflow processes, and other technologies provided by CLM as part of the Services
are the proprietary property of CLM and its licensors, and all right, title and interest in and to such Items, including all associated
intellectual property rights, remain only with CLM. CLM grants no rights unless expressly provided in this Agreement.

are Customer may not:
reverse engineer the Services or the Licensed Documentation (defined below);

5 remove or modify any proprietary marking or restrictive legends In the Service; or

ili. access the Service to (w) build a competitive product or service, or (x} copy any feature, function or graphic of the Service for
competitive purposes.

Customer Data. All uploaded data under Customer's account remains the sole property of Customer, as between CLM and Customer
(Customer Data).

Licensed Documentation, The Product User Guide and other CLM provided product documentation is licensed to Customer as
follows: CLM grants Customer a non-exclusive, worldwide, and fully paid-up license for the duration of the Services to such material
for Customer's internal use solely with the Services, with the right to print and make additional coples of the material for such
duration and purpose (Licensed Documentation).

Reservation of Rights by Customer. Customer's trademarks are the sole property of Customer or its subsidiaries and affiliates and
CLM does not have any right, title or interest in any of the trademarks, including reproduction of the trademarks. CLM acknowledges
that (i) all of the Customer trademarks have great value and good will; and (ii) if CLM breaches this Section, injury to Customer would
be irreparable and injunctive relief to protect Customer's interest would be appropriate, without limiting Customer's other remedies
allowed by law. CLM must not use any Customer trademarks without obtaining prior written consent from Customer.

7) EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

a).

b).

Exclusion of Certain Damages. EXCEPT FOR A PARTIES BREACH OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 5 OR A BREACH OF
SECTION 6(b) BY CUSTOMER, NEITHER PARTY iS LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, COSTS OF DELAY, LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION, AND ANY FAILURE OF DELIVERY OF
THE SERVICES),

. WITH THE EXCEPTION OF A PARTY'S LIABLITY FOR INDEMNIFICATION OR BREACH OF SECTION 7{B) BY
CUSTOMER, EACH PARTY'S LIABILITY FOR ALL DAMAGES RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE) WILL NOT EXCEED THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER WITHIN THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT.

8) TERM, TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION OF SERVICE,

a).

b).

c).

Term. This Agreement continues until all orders have expired or are terminated. Orders may have durations specified on the order.
The initial term for this Agreement is Forty-eight (48) months (“Term”), unless earlier terminated as provided below. The Term
may be extended for one (1) year renewals, upon mutual written agreement between the parties.

Mutual Termination for Material Breach. If either party is in breach of any material term of this Agreement, the other party may

terminate this Agreement at the end of a written 30-day notice/cure period, if the breach has not been cured.

i. Actions upon Termination.
(w) Upon any termination as provided in 8{b) above by Customer, CLM must refund any prepaid fees covering the remainder of
the Term of that order.

(x) Upon any termination as provided in 8(b) above by CLM, Customer must pay any unpaid fees for Services rendered up to the
date of termination and prorate portion of annual subscription fee for Services actually used. Customer upon request will
confirm that It has complied with these requirements.

Return of Customer Data. Commencing upon any notice of this Agreement by either Party (other than termination by CLM under
Section 8c), and for a maximum period of six (6) months thereafter, CLM will, upon Customer's request, continue to provide the
Services, which were provided by CLM prior to such expiration or termination (at the same fees that Customer was paying prior to
the notice of termination of this Agreement), and any new services requested by Customer that may be required for the Services to
continue without interruption or adverse effect and to facilitate the orderly transfer or migration of the Customer Data to Customer
or a third party service provider, as applicable (collectively, “Termination Assistance”). Termination Assistance shall include the
assistance described in any SOW and the following:
i. CLM will provide to Customer: (i} in writing, all applicable requirements, standards and documentation relating
to Customer or the transition of the Services; (ii) all Customer Data, in a format reasonably designated by

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 01/31/18 Page 3 of 13
Copyright © 2018 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

ITA48276 ~ Approved by Agrium US Legal

Customer; and (iii) any other information, including data dictionaries, that Customer deems necessary to use the
Customer Data or convert the Customer Data for use on another system.

ii, The services described in this Section will be provided to Customer. If Customer requests any additional services
other than those listed above, the fees for those services will be negotiated between the parties and subject to a
separate SOW.

9) GOVERNING LAW AND EXCLUSIVE FORUM. This Agreement Is governed by the State of Delaware, substantive laws, without regard to

10)

11

12

13

14)

14)

=

=

=

=

=

conflict of laws principles. Any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement must be brought in the state and federal courts for State
of Delaware. Customer consents to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and waives any claim that it is an inconvenient forum. The
prevailing party in litigation is entitled to recover its attorneys’ fees and costs from the other party.

MISCELLANEOUS OTHER TERMS. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties, and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous negotiations or Agreements, whether oral or written, related to this subject matter. - No modification or waiver of any
term of this Agreement is effective unless both parties sign it. - Neither party may assign or transfer this Agreement or an order to a third
party, except that the Agreement with all orders may be assigned as part of a merger, or sale of all or substantially all of the business or
assets, of a party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their successors and permitted
assigns.- The parties are independent contractors with respect to each other. - [f any term of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable,
the other terms remain in effect. - If there is any inconsistency between this Agreement and the order, the order will govern. - CLM rejects
additional or conflicting terms of a form purchasing document. If there is an Inconsistency between this Agreement and an order, this
Agreement shall prevail. - Any terms that by their nature survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, will survive.

ACCEPTANCE TESTING, CLM Matrix warrants that for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days from the initiation of the Service (the
“Warranty Period”), the Services will operate substantially in accordance with the applicable Documentation. Without limiting either
party's rights or obligations in Schedule B, CLM Matrix does not warrant that the functions contained in the Service will meet Licensee's
requirements or that the operation of the Service will be uninterrupted or error free. If, during the Warranty Period, the Service does not
operate substantially in accordance with such Documentation, Licensee may so Inform CLM Matrix In writing and provide to it, such
information and materials as CLM Matrix may reasonably request to document and reproduce such problem and to verify whether any
proposed solution corrects such problem, Such information may include a written explanation of such problem, a written description of
the operating environment, and (if permitted) a copy of any software program used with the Services, Following the receipt of such
information and materials, if CLM Matrix determines that the Services do not operate substantially in accordance with such
Documentation, then CLM Matrix will at its election, (a) modify the Services so that it does operate substantially in accordance with such
Documentation, (b) replace the Services or functionality with other CLM Matrix technology offering substantially similar functionality or,
(c) i (a) or (b) is not commercially feasible, refund the subscription fee paid by Licensee to CLM Matrix during Acceptance Testing. In the
event CLM Matrix furnishes a correction or cure pursuant to clause (a), CLM Matrix shall warrant such correction or cure for the remainder
of the original Warranty Period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer. This Warranty shall not apply to Services that have been modified,
used improperly or used in an operating environment inconsistent with recommendations by CLM Matrix.

LICENSE GRANT. Subject to the payment of fees described herein, CLM hereby grants to Customer and User, a non-exclusive, royalty-
free and worldwide license to use, display, and execute the Service during the Term and any renewals, if any.

RENAMED, REPACKAGED, RE-BUNDLED OR RE-BRANDED. Should the Service provided to Customer under this Agreement be
renamed, repackaged, re-bundled or re-branded for any reason including, but not limited to, a merger or acquisition of CLM, then
Customer shall be entitled to the same number of licenses to use, access, and benefit from the renamed, repackaged, re-bundled or re-
branded Service as Customer currently has a subscription to at no additional charge to Customer so long as the renamed, repackaged, re-
bundled or re-branded Service is functionally equivalent at the license level, ata minimum, and the same conditions of use apply as to the
prior Service.

SUBCONTRACTORS. CLM will be solely responsible for the Services performed by its subcontractors, if any, while providing the Services
pursuant to this Agreement. All Services, including such Services provided remotely must be performed within the United States or
Canada.

. INDEMNITY. Except as provided for herein, CLM shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Customer, its and their employees, affiliates,

officers, agents, and representatives, from any damage, loss, or claim arising out of any act or omission of CLM, its or their employees,
agents, or representatives, in connection with the performance of the Services required hereunder or the breach of any term hereof.

CLM shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Customer, its and their employees, affillates, officers, agents, and representatives from all
injuries, losses and llabilities in any way arising from any claim that the Services or deliverables misappropriate or infringe any patent,
copyright, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights of a third party. [fa final injunction is obtained against Customer’s use of
the deliverables, or if CLM reasonably believes that Customer's use of the deliverables could be enjoined, or if, in CLM’s opinion, any
deliverable is likely to become the subject of a claim of infringement, CLM will, at its option and expense (i) procure for Customer the right
to continue using the deliverables as provided in this Agreement; (ii) replace or modify the deliverables so that they are non-infringing
(so long as the functionality of the deliverables is essentially unchanged) or, if neither of the previous two options are commercially
feasible for CLM; (iii) terminate the rights granted under this Agreement with respect to the deliverables and refund to Customer the

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 01/31/18 Page 4 of 13
Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

1TA48276 ~ Approved by Agrium US Legal

amount paid to CLM for the deliverables and related Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CLM will not be liable to Customer to the
extent that any Infringement or clalm of infringement Is based solely on (i) Customer's combination, operation or use of a deliverable with
equipment or software not supplied or approved for use by CLM where the deliverable itself would not be infringing, or (il) modifications
of a deliverable by anyone other than CLM where the unmodified version of the deliverable would not be infringing.

15) INSURANCE. CLM, at its expense, at all times prior to the termination or expiration of this Agreement, shall provide and maintain the
insurance policies having the coverages described in thls Section 15. The coverage of all policies shall be primary, and not in excess of, or
contributory with, any other policies of Customer and, with respect to the coverages other than Workers’ Compensation Insurance,
Customer and its affiliates shall be named as additional insureds. Prior to the commencement of performance of any Services hereunder,
CLM shall furnish to Customer certificates of insurance from its insurance carrier showing that the required insurance Is in force, the
amount of the carrier's liability thereunder, and further providing that the insurance will not be canceled, nonrenewed or materially
altered until after written notice of such cancellation, nonrenewal or material alteration has been sent to Customer. Aggregate limits in
the policies will not be impaired as of the date of this Agreement.

a. Workers’ Compensation Insurance to cover the statutory limit requirements of all applicable state laws in effect in any
jurisdiction in which any of the Services are to be performed hereunder to cover all of CLM’s employees engaged in the
Services; and Employer's Liability Insurance In the minimum limits of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000), with an all-states
endorsement, for each accident, covering injury or death to any employee which may be outside the scope of applicable
Workers’ Compensation coverage.

b. Commercial General Liability Insurance, with minimum limits of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) for injury to or death of

any person or persons, for property damage, for personal injury and advertising liability, and for contractual liability
coverage Insuring the Indemnity provisions of this Agreement.

c Comprehensive Automobile Liability Insurance arising out of the ownership, maintenance or use of owned, non-owned and
hired automobiles and trucks used by CLM (its agents and employees) in connection with the Services hereunder, with a
combined limit for bodily injury and property damage of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence.

d. Professional Liability/Errors and Omissions Insurance. To cover the acts or omissions of all employees providing Services

of a professional nature under this Agreement, CLM shall maintain coverage for a period of not less than two (2) years after
the expiration or earller termination of this Agreement.

e. Cyber risk liability, including network security and privacy liability and network interruption insurance, for loss or damage
due to a failure or violation of the security of a computer system, physical theft of hardware controlled by CLM on which
electronic data Is stored, or any failure to protect confidential information, Including that which results in an identity theft
or other wrongful emulation of the identity of an individual, faiture to disclose an event in violation of any security breach
notice Law, or violation of any other Law alleged In connection with such loss. Such insurance will include minimum limits
per claim of $2,000,000 and an aggregate limit of $2,000,000.

16) NOTICES. All notices, directions or specifications of the Services, reports, records, or other communications which are required or
permitted to be given to the Parties under this Agreement shall be sufficient in all respect If given in writing and delivered in person, by
telecopy, by overnight courier, by e-mail, or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the receiving
Party at the address for such Party set forth below. Notice shall be deemed given on the date of delivery, in the case of personal delivery
or telecopy, or on the delivery or refusal date, as specified on the return receipt, in the case of overnight courier or registered or certified
mail.

If to CLM: CLM Matrix
Attn: Legal Department
4808 Forest Hill Drive, Suite 2G
Flower Mound, Texas 75028-3120

If to Customer: Nutrien Ag Solutions, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
3005 Rocky Mountain Ave.
Loveland, Colorado 80538
Email: contracts@nutrien.com

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 01/31/18 Page 5 of 13
Copyright © 2018 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved
1TA4B276 - Approved by Agrium US Legal

. Digitally signed by Timothy
AGRIUM U.S. INC. CLM Matrix Timothy B. Cabeootesti 981921:26
‘ ate; . att
Sparks 40700"
Fane :
Name: LAWMENCE Seon Cuaeeo Name: _ Timothy B, Sparks —__
Title: VO ReraAte LT
Date: \(- So : 1S

Title: __CEO

Date: November 28, 2018

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 01/31/18 Page 6 of 13
Copyright © 2018 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

1TA4B276 ~ Approved by Agrium US Legal

CLM Matrix Subscription Services Agreement

Schedule A

Schedule A is attached to and becomes, upon execution by both parties below, a part of the CLM Matrix Subscription Services Agreement between
such parties and sets forth the specific terms and conditions relating to the Subscription Services listed below:

   

Effective License Date
Licensed Software
Software Format

Operating Platform

 

    
 

 

   
   

Date of signature below
Matrix Enterprise v16.x SaaS

Microsoft

 

 

License Type

 

Subscription Service

 

Number of Copies of Licensed Material
Separate Dev/Test Configuration Environment
Subscription Term

Base Subscription Fee/Month

 

Optional Wizards

 

One (1) production environment.
Included
48 months

 

  
       
  
 
 

 

$19,834/mo. initial base subscription + $975/mo. for Optional Wizards outlined below
($20,809/mo. total base subscription + optional wizards)

 

 

Legacy Metadata Migration Wizard - $125/mo., Legacy Document Migration Wizard - $125/mo.,
Web Service Integration Wizard - $250/mo., DocuSign Integration Wizard - $225/mo., Single-Sign
On (AD SSO} Setup

 

 

Annual Software Maintenance

Included

 

Initial User Counts

Invoicing and Payment Terms

Additional Users

  

Contract Administrator: §
Contract Contributor (Full): 2,000
Contract Consumer (Read Only): 0

 

Subscription Services will be invoiced quarterly beginning upon license date. Payment terms are

Net 45 days.

Additional users can be added as needed in the future for the prices below.
Matrix Enterprise Matrix Fast Track

$95/mo. Contract Administrator $43/mo. Contract Administrator
$16/mo. Contract Contributor $13/mo. Contract Contributor
$11/mo. Contract Consumer $8/mo. Contract Consumer

 

Optional CLM Matrix Functionality
(Identify optional functionality requested
below. Additional fees may apply.)

0~ Graphical 8! Reporting Wizard

1 - Legacy Metadata Migration Wizard
1—Legacy Document Migration Wizard
O- Multi-Language Wizard

1- Web Service Integration Wizard
0-SalesForce/Dynamics CRM Wizard
1- DocuSign Integration Wizard
1-Single Sign-On

Training Services
Additional Computing Resources

 

To Be Delivered To

Graphical BI Reporting Wizard - $250/mo.

~SO hours of Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Legacy Metadata Migration Wizard —-$125/mo.

~50 hours of Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Legacy Document Migration Wizard - $125/mo.

~50 hours of Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Multi-Language Wizard - $250/mo.

~50 hours of Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Web Service Integration Wizard - $250/mo.

~ 50 hours Professional services required for installation, set-up and configuration.
SalesForce/Dynamics CRM Connector - $250/mo.

~ 40 hours of Professional Services required for installation, set-up and configuration.
DocuSign Integration Wizard - $225/mo.

~ 1S hours of Professional Services required for installation, set-up and configuration.

Single Sign-On — no additional license charge but requires 3 party SSO (ADFS, OKTA etc.) and ~
15-30 hours of Professional Services required for set-up and configuration.

Additional Dev Environment — one Non-Production Dev Environment included in SaaS pricing
above. If desired, additional Dev Environments $575/mo. each.

Not included with Subscription Services. Priced separately.

Resources (processor capacity, RAM, etc.) required for seasonal performance tuning, increases in
user counts, to accommodate document storage growth over time, etc. can be provided upon
customer request. Additional costs apply.

Insert Customer Mailing Address

 

 

 

 

 

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 01/31/18

Copyright © 2018 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

Page 7 of 13

ITA48276 - Approved by Agrium US Legal

 

Pricing, Billing and Calculation of Additional Users Detail

Base user count of 2,000 at $19,834/mo. for a 4 year subscription term.

y Billing for the base subscription price of $19,834/mo. will be quarterly (for 3 months} in advance of each quarter

Y Additional users above 2,000 and up to 7,000 users are priced additionally at $4/user/mo. and added and invoiced in minimum blocks of
soo.

¥ Additional users 7,001 and above are priced additionally at $3/user/mo. and added and invoiced in minimum blocks of 500.

~ New users are calculated as total user count, less previous base number of users. As an example, if at any point in the quarter the user
count exceeds the then current total licensed number of users, then the new user count will be the previous user count plus the new
users rounded up to the nearest 500. If <500 extra users the customer will be invoiced for an extra block of S00 users for the preceding
quarter and each remaining quarter of the subscription term. If >500 extra users then the customer will be invoiced for the next highest
block of 500 users rounded up to the nearest 500 users for the preceding quarter and each remaining quarter of the subscription
term). Prices for extra users described above and dependent upon volume threshold met.

¥ — User counts determined as user count high for the quarter and applied across the entire quarter

¥ — Nutrien shall have the right to preload an unlimited number of users in the system prior to actual use, which shall be solely determined
by Customer

¥ — Billing will be in month 2 of the prior quarter

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 01/31/18 Page 8 of 13
Copyright © 2018 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved
ITA48276 ~ Approved by Agrium US Legal

CLM Matrix MSSA
Schedule 8
Software Maintenance and Service Level Support

1, SUPPORT SERVICES

Li Telephone Support (Help Desk). CLM shall provide telephone support through CLM's support help desk phone number
at 713 320-7756. CLM shall staff and maintain the telephone support line 9 hours a day, 5 days a week.

1.2 E-Mall Support. CLM shall provide e-mail support in English through the CLM Support help desk email address
cbarry@clmmatrix.com. CLM shall also accept Customer feedback and comments through the email address.

13 Escalation Policy. If Customer feels that an issue merits additional attention, or if any response or follow-up time is not
being met, then Customer may escalate the matter by contacting a CLM Support Manager at (713 320-7756]. If CLM Support Manager does not
resolve the issues in Customer's reasonable opinion, then the matter may be further escalated by contacting a CLM President at 713 875-8278.

14 Support Process. CLM shall make support services available to Customer according to the following process:
(A) Users will contact Customer's CLM Administrator/Internal help desk.
(B) If Customer's CLM Administrator/internal help desk cannot resolve the issue, the problem will be escalated by
Customer's Administrator/internal help desk to CLM at hitps://suppert.climmatrix.com/support/clmmatrixi.
(Cc) In all communications between the parties, CLM and Customer will identify issues with a written summary of the

issue, screenshots and any other pertinent information to speed troubleshooting of the issue.

(D) CLM will communicate status updates (follow ups, resolutions, or work-arounds) to Customer via email or
telephone. CLM shall copy Customer on all Severity 1 and Severity 2 tickets.

15 Customer's Authorized Personnel. Support services are currently available to Customer's Users. Users are administered
and authorized by Customer.

Off-Site Support Software Support Availability Pricing
Online Support* 24/7 Included
Email/Telephone Support* 8AM — SPM CST Included
Monday - Friday 10 hrs./month software support included with
Software Maintenance. $225/hour thereafter
After Hours Support As requested $250/hour
(i.e. Calls placed to CLM after
5PM CST)
Onsite Support As requested $225/hour

 

“As part of its SaaS subscription software maintenance agreement, Customer will receive online, email and telephone software support for the
licensed product as defined herein. Software support is defined as those issues whose root cause is CLM Matrix source code related (software
bugs, bug fixes, patches, etc.), Issues involving conflicts with customer system or network issues, third party software/hardware, Matrix
wizard configuration, Matrix application settings are defined as professional services and will be invoiced at the agreed upon professional
services hourly rate.

2. SEVERITY AND RESPONSE TIME

2.1 Issue Severity Response Times and Resolution. All issues reported to the CLM customer support department are
classified and directed to the appropriate team for resolution. Customer and CLM’s support representative will jointly determine the severity
level based on the business impact, description, and definitions in the table belaw. Customer must report Severity 1 and 2 issues by telephone,
Customer may report Severity 3 and 4 issues through any authorized means. Once Customer has reported the issues to CLM, CLM shall respond
and resolve the Issue within the timeframes in the table below. CLM will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to each case within
the applicable response time described in the table below, depending on the Severity Level set on the case. Severity Level 1 Target Initial
Response times are 24x7, including weekends and holidays. Severity Level 1 cases must be submitted via telephone as described above.
Severity Level 1 target response times do not apply to cases submitted via email or the help portal. Severity Level 2, 3, and 4 target initial

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 01/31/18 Page 9 of 13

Copyright © 2018 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved
1TA48276 - Approved by Agrium US Legal

response times Include CST business hours only and exclude weekends and holidays, Reproducible errors that cannot promptly be resolved
will be escalated to appropriate CLM resources for further investigation and analysis,

          
     

 

 

  
 
 
 
   
  
 

      
   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Severity | Business Description Definition Initial Escalation Resolution | SLA
Level Impact Response
Time
Severity 1 | Critical Production Customer Immediate, CLM immediately | CLM shall 100% of
system down business or within 1 notifies Chuck resolve or incidents
operations hour Barry and provide a resolved ora
halted and users Customer workaround | workaround
are unable to [ within 4 provided
complete daily hours within 4 hours
operations of Incident
report
Severity 2 | Urgent Severe Customer cannot | Within 1 CLM immediately | CLM shall 100% of
functionality perform key hour notifies Chuck resolve or incidents
loss business Barry and provide a resolved ora
functions (e.g. Customer workaround | workaround
inability to (______] | within 8 provided
submit certain hours within 8 hours
contracts for of Incident
legal review report
Severity 3 | Medium-High | Limited Issue impacts Within 4 CLM immediately | CLM shall 100% of
functionality business hours notifies Chuck provide a incidents
loss operations (e.g. Barry and Resolution resolved ora
a business Customer ora workaround
process [ workaround | provided
workaround within 24 within 24
may be hours hours of
| available’ | (ncident report
Severity 4 | Low Minor Issue has Within 8 CLM immediately | CLM shall 100% of
functionality minimal impact | hours notifies Chuck provide a incidents
loss, or FAQ or | on business Barry and Resolution resolved ora
documentation | operations Customer ora workaround
problem ] | workaround | provided
within 3 within 3
working working days
days
2.2 CLM Response. CLM shall assign an issue tracking number within the initial response time. CLM shall provide status

updates to Customer with new information at regular intervals according to the follow-up time. Customer's initial reporting call and CLM's
initial response are not considered follow-ups.

3. MAINTENANCE & DOWNTIME
3.1 Maintenance Fee. Annual Software Maintenance is included in the monthly Services subscription cost.
3.2 Standard Maintenance Window. CLM shall perform bi-weekly Software maintenance within the standard maintenance

window defined below. CLM may change the standard maintenance window with Customer's written consent.

Standard Maintenance Window
Loy | time
Saturday-Sunday | 6PM MST - 6AM EST

3.3 Schedule Maintenance. CLM may perform a maximum of 4 hours of quarterly scheduled maintenance. CLM must conduct
all scheduled maintenance within the first 2 weeks of the 2nd calendar month of each calendar quarter, and within the standard maintenance
window. CLM shall propose an annual schedule of scheduled maintenance before the beginning of each calendar year, which stall be approved
by Customer. CLM’s scheduled maintenance hours do not apply toward any service credit reimbursements.

   
   
   

3.4 Additional Downtime. If CLM requires downtime In addition to the quarterly common infrastructure maintenance, then
CLM shall obtain Customer's approval at least 5 business days before these additional maintenance periods.

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev, 01/31/18 Page 10 of 13
Copyright © 2018 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved
ITA48276 - Approved by Agrium US Legal

35 Maintenance Factors. The parties shall cooperate to review the maintenance periods for each CLM application, taking
into consideration the following factors:

{A) Need to align down-time with other systems;
(B) Changes from Daylight Savings time to Standard time; and
(Cc) Changes in geographic usage to minimize impact of downtime on greatest number of active users.
(D) Maintenance must occur during Custamer's non-busienss hours (outside of Monday-Saturday 6AM EST-6PM
MST).
3.6 Monthly Uptime and Downtime Reports. CLM shall measure system up-time by internally deployed tools or through

third-party service provider. CLM shall submit monthly reports with supporting evidence to Customer by the Sth business day of the following
month providing the details of Customer's true system uptime and downtime for each Service. Customer shall have S business days to confirm
or dispute CLM's report. In addition, the monthly report shall include a detailed list of all Incidents, resolution status, RCA, resolution SLA
status and improvement plan to ensure the incident does not reoccur.

3.7 Outage. Any time the Software is unavailable to Customer for 5 minutes or more other than for scheduled maintenance is
an “Outage.” CLM shall notify Customer of any Outage within 15 minutes after discovery. Customer is responsible for notifying Customer's
Users of any Outage.

3.8 Maintenance Coverage. Under this Maintenance program customers whose monthly software subscription is fully paid will receive
the following product coverage:

Access to all new functionality releases for the product licensed typically published as point releases (e.g. v10.x)

Access to all bug fix releases for the product licensed typically published as point releases (e.g. 10.x)

Access to all new major releases for the product licensed typically published as with major version number change (e.g., 10.x.x to 11.x.x)
Problem reporting and response times are defined below in the Service Level table below.

aoore

4, SYSTEM RESPONSE TIME
Web App Page Load Response Time. CLM shall measure its web application page load response times and provide Customer with
monitoring tools to do the same at no cost to Customer.
5. DISASTER RECOVERY
5.1 Disaster Recovery Elements. CLM shall provide the following disaster recovery elements.
(A) Fault-tolerant Tier 3 data centers

(B) Daily hot backups

(C) Secure off-site data storage, with semi-annual testing of data restoration
(D) Standard 99.5% uptime
{E) 24x7x365 Global Support Coverage
5.2 System Recovery. CLM shall restore Customer to full functionality within 48 hours after the onset of any disaster, with all

data from the last backup, including state, analytics, and historical data.

5.3 Data Recovery. CLM shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that no more than 24 hours of data is lost in between the last
backup and the disaster. CLM shall use reasonable efforts to recover and restore data and transactions that occurred between the last backup
and the disaster.

5.4 DNS Reset. CLM shall use reasonable efforts to ensure that revised DNS records are reset and digital certificates are
available to Customer; however, CLM is not responsible for users or systems with cached DNS records or invalid security certificates resulting
in these users or systems pointing to the primary site after DNS fallover that may have been destroyed or corrupted in the disaster event.

6. CREDITS

6.1 Service Credit Reimbursements. CLM shall reimburse Customer for failure to comply with the service level requirements,
as follows, The service credit reimbursements amounts are cumulative and will be calculated separately for each Service.

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 01/31/18 Page 11 of 13
Copyright © 2018 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved
1TA48276 ~ Approved by Agrium US Legal

 
   
    
  
 
 
  

Reimbursement (% Monthly
Fees, or US Dollar Amount;

 

Definition

  

 

 
 
  

Actual uptime minutes per month divided
by total number of minutes in that month.

 
  
    
 
 

99.5% - 95%: 5% of monthly
fees

94,99% - 90%: 10% of monthly
fees

    
    
 
  
  

 
 
  

Four (4) hours of scheduled maintenance
per calendar quarter are allowed.
Additional defined maintenance can be
performed upon pre-approval by the
customer and will not negatively impact
availability SLA

 
   
 
 
  
  
   
 
  

  

Uptime Percentage

   
 
  
  

<90.0%: 15% of monthly fees
and right to terminate this
Agreement (*See below)

   
      
   

Time elapsed from a disaster to recovery of » 48 hours: 10% of monthly fees
the Services, including data recovery from aden
the last backu per inciden

Hours of data lost since the last backup thous > 24 hours: 10% of monthly fees
before a disaster 24 hours per incident

* In addition to the applicable Reimbursement, if in any given month, Uptime Percentage is below 90%, notwithstanding Section B(b),
Customer has right to immediately terminate this Agreement upon written notice to CLM.

    

  

Data Recovery Time

6.2 Downtime Exclustons. For the purposes of calculating the service credit reimbursements, CLM's downtime does not
include scheduled maintenance, or any downtime caused by the following:
(A) Customer-provided content or programming errors;
(B) system administration, commands or file transfers performed by or for Customer or its users;
(C) work or activities performed at Customer's request;
(D) untimely Customer response time to incidents that require Customer participation for source identification or

issue resolution;

(E) Customer breach of its material obligations under the Order Form or other agreements incorporated therein; or
(F) failure of Customer or User hardware or software.
(G) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond CLM‘s reasonable control, including, for example, an act of

God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than
one involving CLM employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, or denial of service attack.

63 Termination. In addition to any service credit reimbursements, Customer may terminate any Service where the service
levels meet the following termination thresholds:

 

Description Termination Threshold

 

System/Application avaltability Is

Uptime Percentage < 95.0% in any 60-day period
< 99.5.0% in any 120-day period

 

< 95% of all Incidents combined are resolved within
SLAs in any 60-day period

Data Recovery Time | > 72 hours in any one occurrence |

Data Lost > 48 hours in any one occurrence

6.4 Credit Options, Customer may elect to take the service credit reimbursements in the form of a discount against the
monthly fees or a credit agalnst additional business of any kind.

Incident Resolution

 

 

 

7. METRICS, REPORTS, AND REVIEWS

71 Metrics. CLM shall provide the following metrics and reports to Customer upon request. Information will be measured
weekly and reported monthly, except where indicated otherwise.

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev, 01/31/18 Page 12 of 13
Copyright © 2018 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved
1TA48276 - Approved by Agrium US Legal

 

Item _| Metric Description Metric Details

System Uptime Monthy Application Availability (All functionality)

Help Desk Compliance Time to Acknowledge
Time to Resolve/Provide workaround
Problem Description
Root Cause Analysis

Problem Resolution

 

3 Customer Support Tickets (shall be available on | Case Volume
the Customer Support Portal) Count of Issues resolved for the week
Count of total outstanding issues

4 Downtime Compliance Total Outage Time

Total Number of Occurrences

Outages, broken out into Regular Maintenance Outages
and Approved Outages

 

7.2 Policies and Procedures. CLM shall provide the following policies and procedures to Customer:

Description
Data Back-up Frequency and Media retention plan,

Relevant CERT Advisory and System Maintenance

Intrusion Detection
Description of processes and tools used in reporting

Description of CLM procedures ta track network laten:

 

73 Service Level Reviews. CLM will initiate and schedule quarterly service level reviews with Customer regarding the
following:

 

Service performance

Major Issues and thelr resolution

 

 

Upcoming revisions, changes to services, and strategic planning (enhancement requests and software
errors)

 

s | Scorecard metrics / corrective action plans

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 01/31/18 Page 13 of 13
Copyright © 2018 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved
ITA48276 - Approved by Agrium US Legal


