
BB natrix

 

Master Subscription Services Agreement

This Master Subscription Services Agreement (“Agreement”) is between CLM Matrix, a Texas corporation (“CLM”) and Atara
Biotherapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Atara” or “Customer”), and is effective as of the date of last signature below (the “Effective

 

Date").

1) CONTRACT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT SERVICE. During the Term, CLM shall provide Customer access and use of CLM’s software
applications, including third party or other software, and all new versions, updates, revisions, improvements and modifications (the
“Service Software”), which is used as part of CLM’s proprietary online subscription service consisting of an Internet based contract
lifecycle management services as more fully described in CLM Matrix Wizard Reference Manuals provided to Customer which includes
the following functionality:

- Contract Modeling - ability to input contract metadata into the system

- Contract Portal - role based repository of contract information in tabular form

- Contract Monitoring and Tracking - ability to perform user defined ad hoc reporting

- Ruleand Policy Based Workflow - ability to set up alerts notifications and reminders based on critical contract dates and obligations

(collectively, the “Specifications”).

CLM will provide the foregoing through a [URL] provided by CLM within a hosted server environment managed, operated and supported

by CLM, and under the terms of this Agreement and any orders (the “Service”). This Agreement contemplates one or more orders for the

Services, which orders are governed by the terms of this Agreement and will describe the Services ordered in more detail (which may

include a setup statement of work). Customer may allow its employees and contractors to access the Services in compliance with the

terms of this Agreement, which access must be for the sole benefit of Customer. Customer is responsible for the compliance with this

Agreement by its employees and contractors.

2) USE OF SERVICES.

a). CLM Responsibilities. CLM must (i) make the Services available, except for Scheduled Outages (as defined below), (ii) protect the
Customer Data from unauthorized access, and (iii) provide customer support for the Services at no additional charge, as set forth in
Schedule B.

b). Customer Responsibilities. Customer (i) must use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to the Services,

and notify CLM promptly of any such unauthorized access, and (ii) may use the Services only in accordance with its user guide and
applicable law.
Customer may not (w) sell, resell, rent or lease the Services, (x) use the Services to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise
unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party rights, (y) interfere with or disrupt the
integrity or performance of the Services, or (z) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or their related systems or
networks.

3) PAYMENT TERMS. Customer must pay all fees within thirty (30) days of receipt of an invoice. Customer is responsible for sales, use and
other similar taxes. Should Customer dispute an invoice or part thereof, Customer shall notify CLMM and parties will in good faith
endeavor to resolve the dispute. Customer shall pay any undisputed portion of the invoice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Payment for first month service must be received prior to activation of the Services.

4) WARRANTY/SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT and REMEDY.

a). Scheduled Outages. CLM shall notify Customer at least 24 hours in advance of all scheduled outages of the Services in whole or in
part ("Scheduled Outages"). All such scheduled outages shall: (a) last no longer than one hour; (b) not be scheduled between the
hours of 8:00 a.m. and 6 p.m.,, Pacific Standard Time on business days; and (c) occur no more frequently than once per month;
provided that CLM may request for Customer's approval Scheduled Outages that do not conform to the foregoing and such approval
by Customer may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

b). CLM Limited Warranty. CLM warrants to Customer (i) that the online availability of the Services for a minimum of availability in
any given month as provided in the chart below (excluding Scheduled Outages), (ii) the Specifications and functionality of the Services
will not materially decrease, (iii) and the customer support for Services will be in accordance with Schedule B and will not materially
degrade.

Availability Credit

- 99.5 - 95% = 5 % of monthly fee.
- 94,99 -90% = 10 % of monthly fee.
- Less than 90% = 15 % of monthly fee.

c). Service Availability Reports. From time to time at Customer's request, CLM shall provide to Customer a report describing the
availability and other performance of the Services during the current calendar month and the contract year-to-date as compared to
the limited warranty in Section 4(b) and Specifications. The report shall be in electronic or such other form as Customer may approve

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214 Page 1 of 10

Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

5)

6)

d).

e).

in writing and shall include, ata minimum: (a) the actual performance of the Services relative to the limited warranty in Section 4(b)
and Specifications; and (b) if Service performance has failed in any respect to meet or exceed the limited warranty in Section 4(b)
and Specifications during the reporting period, a description in sufficient detail to inform Customer of the cause of such failure and
the corrective actions the CLM has taken and will take to ensure that the limited warranty in Section 4(b) and Specifications are fully
met.

Disclaimer. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY THAT SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE OR WITHOUT
DELAY, AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Mutual Compliance with Laws Warranty. Each party represents and warrants to the other party that it will comply with all
applicable laws, including foreign export controls, regarding its performance under this Agreement, including without limitation
privacy related laws.

Corrective Action Plan. If two or more Critical Service Errors occur in any thirty (30) day period during (a) the Term
or (b) any additional periods during which CLM does or is required to perform any Services, CLM shall promptly
investigate the root causes of these Service errors and provide to Customer within five (5) business days of its receipt
of notice of the second such Support Request an analysis of such root causes and a proposed written corrective action
plan for Customer's review, comment and approval, which, subject to and upon Customer's written approval, shall be a
part of, and by this reference is incorporated in, this Agreement as the parties’ corrective action plan (the "Corrective
Action Plan"). The Corrective Action Plan shall include, at a minimum: (x) CLM's commitment to Customer to devote
the appropriate time, skilled personnel, systems support and equipment and other resources necessary to Resolve and
prevent any further occurrences of the Service errors giving rise to such Support Requests; (y) a strategy for developing
any programming, software updates, fixes, patches, etc. necessary to remedy, and prevent any further occurrences of,
such Service errors; and (z) time frames for implementing the Corrective Action Plan. There will be no additional charge
for CLM's preparation or implementation of the Corrective Action Plan in the time frames and manner set forth therein.

MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY.

a).

b).

c).

Definition of Confidential Information. Confidential Information means all non-public, proprietary or confidential information
disclosed by a party (Discloser) to the other party (Recipient), whether orally or in writing for purposes of the Services and this
Agreement, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the
information and the circumstances of disclosure (Confidential Information). CLM’s Confidential Information includes the Services
and Customer's Confidential Information includes all Customer Data.

Protection of Confidential Information. Each Recipient must use the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality
of its own confidential information of like kind (but in no event less than reasonable care) not to disclose or use any Confidential
Information of the Discloser for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement. Each Recipient must limit access to Confidential
Information of Discloser to those of its employees, and agents who need such access for purposes consistent with this Agreement
and who have signed confidentiality and non-use agreements with Recipient no less restrictive than the confidentiality terms of this
Agreement.

Exclusions. Confidential Information excludes information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of
any obligation owed to Discloser, (ii) was known to the Recipient prior to its disclosure by the Discloser without breach of any
obligation owed to the Discloser, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to Discloser, or (iv) was
independently developed by the Recipient without use or access to the Confidential Information.

If a Recipient is required by a governmental authority or by order of a court of competent jurisdiction to disclose any Confidential
Information, such Recipient will give the Discloser prompt written notice of such requirement or order and such Recipient will take
all reasonable and lawful actions to avoid or minimize the degree of such disclosure. Recipient will cooperate reasonably with
Discloser in any efforts to seek a protective order.

PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.

a).

b).

Reservation of Rights by CLM. The software, workflow processes, and other technologies provided by CLM as part of the Services
are the proprietary property of CLM and its licensors, and all right, title and interest in and to such items, including all associated
intellectual property rights, remain only with CLM. CLM grants no rights unless expressly provided in this Agreement.

Customer Restrictions. Customer may not:

i. reverse engineer the Services or the Licensed Documentation (defined below);

ii. remove or modify any proprietary marking or restrictive legends in the Service; or

iii. access the Service to (w) build a competitive product or service, or (x) copy any feature, function or graphic of the Service for
competitive purposes.

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214 Page 2 of 10
Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

7)

8)

9)

c).

d).

Customer Data. All uploaded information, data, materials, works, expressions or other content under Customer's account remains
the sole property of Customer, as between CLM and Customer (Customer Data). All output, copies, reproductions, improvements,
modifications, adaptations, translations and other derivative works of, based on, derived from or otherwise using any Customer Data
are themselves also Customer Data. Customer grants CLM a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable term license to use,
modify, copy and prepare derivate works of the Customer Data solely for purposes of CLM performing Services as necessary for
Customer’s benefit under this Agreement. CLM will at any time, but no more than once a month, provide the Customer Data, outside
the Services in a format requested by Customer, to Customer (upon request) for an administrative fee of $500.00.

Licensed Documentation. The Product User Guide and other CLM provided product documentation is licensed to Customer as
follows: CLM grants Customer a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license for the duration of the Services to such material for
the sole benefit of Customer’s internal use solely with the Services, with the right to make additional copies of the material for such
duration and purpose (Licensed Documentation). For the sake of clarity, Customer may allow its employees and contractors to
access and use the Licensed Documentation in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, which access must be for the sole benefit
of Customer.

EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

a).

b).

Exclusion of Certain Damages. NEITHER PARTY IS LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, COSTS OF DELAY, LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION, AND ANY FAILURE OF DELIVERY OF
THE SERVICES).

Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY'S LIABILITY FOR ALL DAMAGES RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT
(WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AGGREGATE FEES AND REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID AND AMOUNTS THAT HAVE ACCRUED BUT NOT YET BEEN PAID).

TERM, TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION OF SERVICE.

a).

b).

c).

Term. This Agreement continues until all orders have expired or are terminated. Orders may have durations specified on the order
(Term). The initial term for this order is 36 months.

Mutual Termination for Material Breach. If either party is in breach of any material term of this Agreement, the other party may

terminate this Agreement at the end of a written 30-day notice/cure period, if the breach has not been cured.

i. l
(w) Upon any termination, CLM must refund any prepaid fees and credits covering the remainder of the Term of that order for
Services not performed as of the effective date of termination.

(x) Upon any termination, Customer must pay any unpaid fees for Services actually performed, subject to any credits, and destroy
all CLM property. Customer upon request will confirm that it has complied with these requirements.

Return of Customer Data. Within 60 days after termination or expiration of an order, this Agreement or both, CLM shall provide
the Customer Data to Customer in the format approved by Customer (to the extent Customer has not already deleted such
information from the Services). After a 60-day period after termination, CLM has no obligation to maintain any of the Customer Data.

Security.
(a) Protection of Customer's Confidential Information. Throughout the Term and at all times in connection with its actual or required

performance of the Services hereunder, CLM shall:

(i) maintain and enforce an information security program including safety and physical and technical security policies and
procedures with respect to its processing of Customer's Confidential Information that, are at least equal to Customer’s security
policy attached hereto as Exhibit C and applicable best industry practices and standards;

(ii) provide technical and organizational safeguards against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access to or use, destruction, loss,
alteration, disclosure, transfer, commingling or processing of such information that ensure a level of security appropriate to the
risks presented by the processing of Customer's Confidential Information and the nature of such Confidential Information,
consistent with best industry practice and standards;

(iii) take all reasonable measures to:
(A) secure and defend all locations, equipment, systems and other materials and facilities employed in connection with the

Services against "hackers" and others who may seek, without authorization, to disrupt, damage, modify, access or otherwise
use CLM Systems or the information found therein;

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214 Page 3 of 10
Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

(B) prevent (1) Customer and its authorized users from having access to the data of other customers or such other customer's
users of the Services; (II) Customer's Confidential Information from being commingled with or contaminated by the data of
other CLM customers or third-parties; and (III) unauthorized access to any Customer's Confidential Information;

(C) continuously monitor its systems for potential areas where security could be breached;

(D) immediately report to Customer any breach of security or unauthorized access to Customer's Confidential Information that
CLM detects or becomes aware of;

(iv) use diligent efforts to remedy such breach of security or unauthorized access in a timely manner and deliver to Customer a root
cause assessment and future incident mitigation plan with regard to any breach of security or unauthorized access affecting any
Confidential Information of Customer that sets out written details regarding CLM's investigation of such incident and, upon
Customer's written request, provide a second more in-depth investigation and results of its findings;

(v) refrain from notifying, for or on behalf of Customer or any authorized user, any regulatory authority, consumer or other person
of any such security breach or unauthorized access unless Customer specifically requests in writing that CLM do so; and

(vi) if such security breach or unauthorized access results from any act or omission of CLM or any CLM personnel, promptly
reimburse Customer for all reasonable costs and expenses Customer may incur in providing any notification of such security
breach or unauthorized access.

(b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, CLM and Customer will work together to formulate a plan to rectify all security
breaches and unauthorized access concerning Customer's Confidential Information.

(c) CLM Systems. CLM shall be solely responsible for the information technology infrastructure, including all computers, software,
databases, electronic systems (including database management systems) and networks used by or for CLM to access the Customer
systems or otherwise in connection with the Services ("CLM Systems") and shall prevent unauthorized access to the Customer
systems through the CLM Systems.

(d) Security Audits. During the Term and for six (6) years thereafter], CLM shall:

(i) maintain complete and accurate records relating to its data protection practices and the security of any of Customer's
Confidential Information, including any backup, disaster recovery or other policies, practices or procedures relating to
Customer's Confidential Information and any other information relevant to its compliance with this Section 10; and

(ii) upon Customer's request, make all such records, appropriate personnel and relevant materials available during normal business
hours for inspection and audit by Customer or an independent data security expert that is reasonably acceptable to CLM,
provided that Customer shall: (i) give CLM reasonable prior notice of any such audit; (ii) undertake such audit no more than
once per calendar year, except for cause; and (iii) conduct or cause to be conducted such audit in a manner designed to minimize
disruption of CLM's normal business operations and that complies with the terms and conditions of all data confidentiality,
ownership, privacy, security and restricted use provisions of this Agreement. Customer may, but is not obligated to, perform
such security audits, which shall, at Customer's option and request, include penetration and security tests, of any and all CLM
Systems and their housing facilities and operating environments.

(e) Regulatory and Compliance Audits. Any authorized representative of any regulatory agency, taxing authority or private entity that
functions in a quasi-regulatory manner that has jurisdiction over Customer in connection with its regulatory functions (each, a
“Regulator") shall, upon request, have the same audit rights as those set forth in Section 10(e), provided that no condition or
restriction stated in Section 10(e) shall apply to any Regulator to the extent it is contrary to applicable law. CLM shall cooperate with
all individuals conducting such audits and comply with all reasonable recommendations that result from such inspections, tests and
audits within reasonable time frames. Without limiting any of CLM's other obligations, if CLM engages a third party auditor to
perform a Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements No. 16 (SSAE 16) audit of CLM's operations, information security
program or disaster recovery/business continuity plan, CLM shall provide a copy of the audit report to Customer promptly after
CLM's receipt of such report. Any such audit reports shall be CLM's Confidential Information.

10) Indemnification.

(a) General Indemnification. Each party (the "Indemnifying Party") shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other party, and its
respective officers, directors, employees, agents, contractors, permitted successors and permitted assigns (each of the foregoing
persons, an "Indemnitee") from and against any and all Losses incurred by Indemnitee arising out of or relating to any claim, suit,
action or proceeding (each, an "Action") by a third party to the extent that such Losses are alleged to arise out of or result from:

(i) the Indemnifying Party's breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of the Indemnifying Party under this
Agreement (including, in the case of CLM, any action or failure to act by any CLM personnel that, if taken or not taken by CLM,
would constitute such a breach by CLM); or

(ii) any negligence or more culpable act or omission (including recklessness or willful misconduct) in connection with the
performance or nonperformance of any Services or other activity actually or required to be performed by or on behalf of the
Indemnifying Party under this Agreement

except to the extent, if any, that such Losses were caused by the Indemnitee’s negligence or more culpable conduct, or material breach

or material non-compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and provided that, to the extent that any action or

Losses described in this Section arises out of, results from or alleges a claim that any of the Services does or threatens to infringe,

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214 Page 4 of 10
Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

(b)

misappropriate or otherwise violate any intellectual property rights or other rights of any third party, CLM's obligations with respect

to such action and Losses, if any, shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section 11(b) and Section 11(c).

Infringement Indemnification By CLM. CLM shall indemnify, defend and hold Customer and each and all of the Customer

Indemnitees harmless from and against all Losses arising out of or resulting from any action by a third party alleged to arise out of

or result from a claim that any of the Services, or Customer's use thereof, actually does or threatens to infringe, misappropriate or

otherwise violate any intellectual property right or other right of a third party, provided however, that CLM shall have no liability or
obligation for any action or Losses to the extent that such action or Losses arise out of or results from any:

(i) alteration or modification of the Services or Service Software by or on behalf of Customer without CLM's authorization (each, a
"Customer Modification"), provided that no infringement, misappropriation or other violation of third party rights would have
occurred without such Customer Modification and provided further that any alteration or modification made by or for CLM at
Customer's request shall not be excluded from CLM's indemnification obligations hereunder unless (i) such alteration or
modification has been made pursuant to Customer's written specifications prepared independently of and without any
contribution by CLM and (ii) the Services, as altered or modified in accordance with the Customer's specifications, would not
have violated such third party rights but for the manner in which the alteration or modification was implemented by or for CLM;

(ii) use of the Services by Customer pursuant to this Agreement in combination with any software or service not provided,
authorized or approved by or on behalf of CLM, if (i) no violation of third party rights would have occurred without such
combination and (ii) such software or service is not commercially available and not standard in CLM's or Customer's industry
and there are no Specifications, Licensed Documentation or other materials that have been provided to Customer indicating
CLM's specification, authorization or approval of the use of the Services in combination therewith;

(iii) access to or use of the Services that is expressly prohibited by this Agreement or otherwise outside the scope of access or manner
or purpose of use described or contemplated anywhere in this Agreement, or the Specifications;

(iv) material breach of this Agreement by Customer or; or

(v) violation of any applicable law by Customer or any of its Authorized Users.

Indemnification Procedure. The party seeking indemnification shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party in writing of any action

for which it seeks indemnification pursuant to Section 11 and cooperate with the Indemnifying Party at the Indemnifying Party's sole

cost and expense. The Indemnifying Party shall immediately take control of the defense and investigation of such action and shall
employ counsel of its choice to handle and defend the same, at the Indemnifying Party's sole cost and expense. The Indemnifying

Party shall not settle any action on any terms or in any manner that adversely affects the rights of any Indemnitee without the other

party's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any Indemnitee may participate in and observe

the proceedings at its own cost and expense with counsel of its own choosing. A party's failure to perform any obligations under this

Section will not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations under Section 11 except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party

can demonstrate that it has been materially prejudiced as a result of such failure.

11) Mitigation.

(a)

(b)

(c)

If CLM receives or otherwise learns of any threat, warning or notice alleging that all, or any component or feature, of the Services

violates a third party's rights, CLM shall promptly notify Customer of such fact in writing, and take all commercially reasonable

actions necessary to ensure Customer's continued right to access and use such Services and otherwise protect Customer from any

Losses in connection therewith, including investigating such allegation and obtaining a credible opinion of counsel that it is without

merit.

If any of the Services or any component or feature thereof is ruled to infringe or otherwise violate the rights of any third party by any

court of competent jurisdiction, or if any use of any Services or any component thereof is threatened to be enjoined, or is likely to be

enjoined or otherwise the subject of an infringement or misappropriation claim, CLM shall, at CLM's sole cost and expense:

(i) procure for Customer the right to continue to access and use the Services to the full extent contemplated by this Agreement and
the Specifications; or

(ii) modify or replace all components, features and operations of the Services that infringe or are alleged to infringe ("Allegedly
Infringing Features") to make the Services non-infringing while providing equally or more suitable features and functionality,
which modified and replacement services shall constitute Services and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

If neither of the remedies set forth in Section 12(b) is reasonably available with respect to the Allegedly Infringing Features then CLM

may direct Customer to cease any use of any materials that have been enjoined or finally adjudicated as infringing, provided that

CLM shall:

(i) refund to Customer any prepaid fees for Services that have not been provided; and

(ii) in any case, at its sole cost and expense, secure the right for Customer to continue using the Allegedly Infringing Features for a
transition period of up to three (3) months to allow Customer to replace the affected the Services or Allegedly Infringing Features
without disruption.

12) The remedies set forth in this Section 12 are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies that may be available to Customer under
this Agreement or otherwise, including Customer's right to be indemnified pursuant to Section 11(a) and Section 11(b).

13)

GOVERNING LAW AND EXCLUSIVE FORUM. This Agreement is governed by the State of California, substantive laws, without regard to
conflict of laws principles. Any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement must be brought in the state and federal courts for San
Mateo County, California. The parties consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and waives any claim that it is an inconvenient
forum. The prevailing party in litigation is entitled to recover its attorneys’ fees and costs from the other party.

14) Representations and Warranties.
(a) Mutual Representations and Warranties. Each party represents and warrants to the other party that:
CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214 Page 5 of 10

Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

{i) it is a duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a corporation or other entity under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its incorporation or other organization;

(ii) it has, and throughout the Term and any additional periods during which it does or is required to perform the Services
will retain, the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder;

(iii) the execution of this Agreement by its representative whose signature is set forth at the end of this Agreement has been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate or organizational action of such party; and

{iv) when executed and delivered by both parties, this Agreement will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of
such party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms.

(b) Additional CLM Warranties. CLM represents, warrants and covenants to Customer that:

{i) CLM has, and throughout the Term and any additional periods during which CLM does or is required to perform the
Services will have, the unconditional and irrevocable right, power and authority, including all permits and licenses
required, to provide the Services and grant and perform all rights and licenses granted or required to be granted by it
under this Agreement;

(ii) neither CLM's grant of the rights or licenses hereunder nor its performance of any Services or other obligations under
this Agreement does or at any time will: (i) conflict with or violate any applicable law, including any law relating to data
privacy, data security or personal information; (ii) require the consent, approval or authorization of any governmental or
regulatory authority or other third party; or (iii) require the provision of any payment or other consideration by Customer
to any third party, and CLM shall promptly notify Customer in writing if it becomes aware of any change in any applicable
law that would preclude CLM's performance of its obligations hereunder;

{iii) the Services, Licensed Documentation and all other materials provided by CLM under this Agreement will not infringe,
misappropriate or otherwise violate any intellectual property right or other right of any third party;

(iv) there is no settled, pending or, to CLM's knowledge as of the Effective Date, threatened action, and it has not received
any written, oral or other notice of any action (including in the form of any offer to obtain a license): (i) alleging that any
access to or use of the Services or Service Software does or would infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate any
intellectual property right of any third party; (ii) challenging CLM's ownership of, or right to use or license, any software
or other materials used or required to be used in connection with the performance, accessing or use of the Services, or
alleging any adverse right, title or interest with respect thereto; or (iii) that, if decided unfavorably to CLM, would
reasonably be expected to have an actual or potential adverse effect on its ability to perform the Services or its other
obligations under this Agreement, and it has no knowledge after reasonable investigation of any factual, legal or other
reasonable basis for any such litigation, claim or proceeding;

(v) the Service Software and Services will in all material respects conform to and perform in accordance with the
Specifications and all requirements of this Agreement;

(vi) all Specifications are, and will be continually updated and maintained so that they continue to be, current, complete and
accurate so that they do and will continue to fully describe the Services in all material respects such that at no time will
the Services have any material undocumented feature;

(vii) the CLM systems and Services are and will remain free of any software, hardware or other technologies, devices or
means, the purpose or effect of which is to: (a) permit unauthorized access to, or to destroy, disrupt, disable, distort, or
otherwise harm or impede in any manner, any (i) computer, software, firmware, hardware, system or network, or (ii) any
application or function of any of the foregoing or the integrity, use or operation of any data Processed thereby; or (b)
prevent Customer from accessing or using the Services or CLM systems as intended by this Agreement, and includes any
virus, bug, trojan horse, worm, backdoor or other malicious computer code and any time bomb or drop dead device;

(viii)CLM will perform all Services in a timely, professional and workmanlike manner with a level of care, skill, practice and
judgment consistent with generally recognized industry standards and practices for similar services, using personnel with
the requisite skill, experience and qualifications, and will devote adequate resources to meet CLM's obligations (including
the availability requirement and Support Service Level Requirements) under this Agreement; and

{ix) CLM, its affiliates, and each of their respective officers, employees, and directors, and CLM personnel, as applicable: (a)
have not been debarred and are not subject to a pending debarment, and will not use in any capacity in connection with
Services any person who has been debarred or is subject to a pending debarment, pursuant to section 306 of the United
States Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C. § 335a; (b) are not ineligible to participate in any federal and/or state
healthcare programs or federal procurement or non-procurement programs (as that term is defined in 42 U.S.C. 1320a-
7b(f)); (c) are not disqualified by any government or regulatory authorities from performing specific services, and are not
subject to a pending disqualification proceeding; and (d) have not been convicted of a criminal offense related to the
provision of healthcare items or services and are not subject to any such pending action. Further, CLM will not contract
with, or otherwise retain, any subcontractors, including consultants, to perform Services under this Agreement that are
or have been debarred or are subject to a pending debarment. CLM will notify Atara promptly upon becoming aware of
CLM, its affiliates, or any of their respective officers or directors, or any CLM personnel, as applicable, being subject to

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214 Page 6 of 10
Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

the foregoing, or if any action, suit, claim, investigation, or proceeding relating to the foregoing is pending, or to the best
of CLM’s knowledge, is threatened.
(c) DISCLAIMER. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHER, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR
ANY SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF.

15) MISCELLANEOUS OTHER TERMS. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties, and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous negotiations or agreements, whether oral or written, related to this subject matter. - No modification or waiver of any
term of this Agreement is effective unless both parties sign it. - CLM may not assign, delegate or transfer its obligations under this
Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Atara, and any attempted assignment, delegation or transfer without
such consent will be void. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CLM may assign or transfer this Agreement without Atara’s consent, in
connection with the transfer or sale of all or substantially all of its assets or business or its merger or consolidation with another company;
provided, however, that CLM notifies Atara within ten (10) business days of the occurrence of such assignment or transfer. Atara may
assign, delegate or transfer this Agreement in whole or in part without consent of CLM; provided, however, Atara will notify Service
Provider in writing in advance of such assignment, delegation or transfer. - The parties are independent contractors with respect to each
other. - If any term of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the other terms remain in effect. - If there is any inconsistency between
this Agreement and any order, this Agreement will govern.

 

Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc. CLM Matrix

Timothy B_ Sparks

Name: John F. McGrath, Jr. Name: _ Timothy B. Sparks

Title: EVP and CFO Title: __CEO

Date: Date; __8 December 2017

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214 Page 7 of 10

Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

CLM Matrix Subscription Services Agreement

Schedule A is attached to and becomes, upon execution by both parties below, a part of the CLM Matrix Subscription Services Agreement between

Schedule A

such parties and sets forth the specific terms and conditions relating to the Subscription Services listed below:

 

Effective License Date

Date of signature below

 

Licensed Software

Matrix Fast Track v15.x

 

Software Format

Object

 

Operating Platform

Microsoft

 

License Type

Subscription Service

 

Number of Copies of Licensed Material

One (1) production environment.

 

Subscription Term

36 months

 

Subscription Fee/Month

$2,349/month

 

User Counts

Contract Administrator: 5
Contract Contributor: 12
Contract Consumer: 0

 

Invoicing and Payment Terms

Subscription Services will be invoiced quarterly beginning upon license date.
Payment terms are Net 30 days.

 

Additional Users

Customer may, at any time, increase or decrease the number of its licenses hereunder
subject to a corresponding forward-going adjustment of the Fees to reflect these
changes. Additional users can be added as needed in the future for the prices below.
Matrix Enterprise Matrix Fast Track

$95/mo. Contract Administrator $43/mo. Contract Administrator

$13/mo. Contract Contributor $13/mo. Contract Contributor

$8/mo. Contract Consumer $8/mo. Contract Consumer

 

Additional Matrix Add-On Components
(Identify optional Add-Ons requested below,
additional fees may apply)

0 - Report Center

0 - Graphical Reporting B| Module

Q- Historical Contract Data Migration Wizard

0- Historical Contract Document Migration Wizard
0 - Multi-Language Wizard

0- Web Services Wizard

Report Center - Price included with Matrix Subscription Services.

Professional services required installation, testing and configuration.

Graphical Reporting BI Module - $275/mo.

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Historical Contract Data Migration Wizard — $3,500

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Historical Contract Document Migration Wizard - $3,500

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Multi-Language Wizard - $200/mo.

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Web Services Wizard - $250/mo.

Professional services required for installation, set-up and configuration.

 

Training Services

Not included with Subscription Services, priced separately.

 

Annual Software Maintenance

Included

 

Export Control Restrictions

US Only

 

To Be Delivered To

 

 

Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.
611 Gateway Boulevard, Suite 900
South San Francisco, CA 94080

 

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214

Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

Page 8 of 10

 

CLM Matrix

Master Subscription Services Agreement
Schedule B
Software Maintenance and Support

Software Maintenance:
The software maintenance for the CLM application covered by this MSSA is included in the subscription price of the agreement.

Maintenance Coverage:

Under this software maintenance program customers whose subscription services agreement is current and fully paid will receive

the following product coverage:

a. Access to all new functionality releases for the base product licensed and typically published as point releases (e.g. v15.x)

b. Access to all bug fix releases for the base product licensed and typically published as point releases (e.g. 15.x)

c. Access to all new major releases for the base product licensed typically published as with major version number change (e.g.,
15.x.x to 16.x.x)

d. Problem reporting and response times are defined below in the Service Level table below.

Customers who are not current with their MSSA fees will be required to become current with all past due subscription fees prior to
being provided access to newer licensed product software versions and point releases and/or documentation. CLM Matrix reserves
the right to designate some additional new functionality as not part of the base product and market it as optional functionality
offered at an additional expense.

Customer Support Overview:
e 24x 7 Web-based support that offers access to software and utility upgrades, documentation, release notes and technical
FAQ
e Email and telephone support

e¢ On-site support services (additional charges apply)

As part of its MSSA software maintenance, the customer will receive online, email and telephone software support for the licensed
product as defined in the table below. Saftware support is defined as those issues whose root cause is CLM Matrix source code
related (software bugs, bug fixes, patches, etc.). Issues involving conflicts with third party software/hardware, system or network
related issues, Windows/SharePoint/SQL installation or troubleshooting, Matrix wizard configuration, Matrix application settings or
Matrix software installations post initial installation of the software are defined as professional services and will be invoiced at the
agreed upon professional services hourly rate.

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214 Page 9 of 10
Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

STANDARD SERVICE LEVELS FOR SOFTWARE SUPPORT

 

Severity Level

A- Critical

B - Serious

C-Important

D- Minor

E- Monitor

Definition

Product down

Development down or production impacted but
not down

Important problem that does not have significant
current productivity impact

Minor problem that does not have impact on
current development or productivity

Issues requiring no further action beyond
monitoring for follow-up as needed

POST IMPLEMENTATION SOFTWARE SUPPORT

Off-Site Support

Online Support

Email/Telephone Support

After Hours Support

Onsite Support

First Response
Immediate upon email notification

Immediate upon email notification

Within 4 hours or less upon email

notification

Within 6 hours or less

Within 8 hours or less

Software Support Availability Pricing
24/7 Included
8AM — 6PM CST Included
Monday - Friday 3 hrs./month software support included with
Software Maintenance. $225/hour thereafter
As requested $250/hour
As requested $225/hour
Page 10 of 10

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214
Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

