EXHIBIT 10.50

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT HAS BEEN REQUESTED FOR PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT. THE COPY

FILED HEREWITH OMITS THE  INFORMATION  SUBJECT TO THE  CONFIDENTIALITY  REQUEST.

OMISSIONS  ARE  DESIGNATED  AS ***. A COMPLETE  VERSION OF THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN

FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.

CELGENE CORPORATION

AND

EVOTEC OAI LIMITED

SUPPLY AGREEMENT

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

INDEX

1        DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION........................................1

2        PURCHASE AND SALE.....................................................3

3        PRICING...............................................................3

4        FORECASTS AND ORDERS..................................................4

5        SHIPMENT, INVOICES, DELIVERY..........................................5

6        PAYMENTS..............................................................7

7        TERM AND TERMINATION..................................................7

8        SUPPLY QUALITY AND SECURITY OF PRODUCT................................8

9        RECALLS..............................................................11

10       WARRANTIES...........................................................12

11       INDEMNITY............................................................12

12       FORCE MAJEURE........................................................13

13       PATENT INFRINGEMENT..................................................14

14       CONFIDENTIALITY AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY............................15

15       ASSIGNMENT...........................................................18

16       GOVERNING LAW........................................................18

17       WAIVER...............................................................19

18       SEVERANCE OF TERMS...................................................19

19       ENTIRE AGREEMENT/VARIATIONS..........................................19

20       NOTICES..............................................................20

21       COUNTERPARTS.........................................................20

22       REGISTRATION.........................................................21

23       INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS..............................................21

24       COSTS................................................................21

i

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

THIS  AGREEMENT  (hereinafter  "Agreement")  is made as of the 1st day of August

2004 BETWEEN:

(1)      CELGENE  CORPORATION,  a Delaware  corporation  and having its business

address at 7 Powder Horn Drive, Warren, New Jersey 07059, United States

of America (hereinafter CELGENE).

AND

(2)      EVOTEC  OAI  LIMITED,  a  company  incorporated  in  England  and whose

registered  office is at 151, Milton Park,  Abingdon,  Oxfordshire OX14

4SD, UK (hereinafter EOAI).

WHEREAS:

CELGENE is the owner of the compound  known as CC-5013 and wishes to engage EOAI

to manufacture for CELGENE CC-5013 from time to time, as requested by CELGENE.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

1        DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

1.1      In  this  Agreement  and in  the  Appendices  to  this  Agreement,  the

following  words and phrases shall have the following  meanings  unless

the context requires otherwise:

1.1.1    "Affiliate(s)" - shall mean any corporation, firm, partnership or other

entity, whether de jure or de facto, which directly or indirectly owns,

is  owned  by or is  under  common  ownership  with,  a  Party  to this

Agreement to the extent of more then fifty  percent (50%) of the equity

having the power to vote on or direct the affairs of the entity and any

person,  firm,  partnership,   corporation  or  other  entity  actually

controlled by. controlling or under common control with a Party to this

Agreement.

1.1.2    "Batch" - shall  mean a  specific  quantity  of Bulk  Compound  that is

intended  to have  uniform  character  and  quality,  within  specified

limits,  and is  produced  according  to a single  manufacturing  order

during the same cycle of manufacture.

1.1.3    "Bulk  Compound"  - shall mean a bulk  quantity  of the  Compound as an

active  pharmaceutical  ingredient that has yet to be rendered into the

commercial dosage form.

1.1.4    "Business  Day" - shall mean 09:00  hours to 17:00 hours on a day other

than a Saturday,  Sunday,  English  bank or ether  English or US public

holiday.

1.1.5    "cGMP" - means currant Good  Manufacturing  Practices as promulgated by

the FDA as  detailed  in  Title  21,  United  States  Code  of  Federal

Regulations,  or when appropriate,  any  corresponding  statutes and/or

regulations  of  any  other  country's   prescription   pharmaceuticals

regulating health authority or agency.

1.1.6    "Compound"    -    the    compound    known    as    CC-5013,     being

3-(4-amino-1,3-dihydro-1-oxo-2H-isoindol-2-y)-2,6-piperidinedione.

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

1.1.7    "Compound  Specifications"  - means the written  physical  and chemical

specifications for the Bulk Compound referenced in Appendix 1 hereto as

amended from time to time pursuant to Clause 8.5.

1.1.8    "Confidential  Information" - means any information including,  but not

limited to,  ideas,  proposals,  plans,  know-how,  reports,  drawings,

designs,  data,  discoveries,  inventions,  improvements,  suggestions,

specifications  (including  the  Compound  Specifications),   products,

samples,  components and materials  relating to the Compound and to the

Product, and all information relating to the manufacture, formulations,

analysis,  stability,  pharmacology,  toxicology,  pathology,  clinical

data,  results of  clinical  efficacy  studies,  clinical  effects  and

indications for use of the Product which a Party discloses, directly or

indirectly,  to the  other  Party,  so  long  as  such  information  is

disclosed  in  writing  and  marked  "confidential"  or with a  similar

legend;  or if verbal,  is reduced to writing and marked as such within

thirty (30) days of disclosure.

1.1.9    "Contract  Price" - means the price par  kilogram of Bulk  Compound for

each Batch set forth in Clause 3.1.

1.1.10   "Contract  Year" - means,  for the  first  Contract  Year,  the  period

commencing on the Effective  Date and ending on 31st December 2004, and

for subsequent Contract Years the successive calendar years thereafter.

1.1.11   "Effective Date" - means August 1, 2004,

1.1.12   "FDA" - means the United  States Food and Drug  Administration  and any

successor entity thereto.

1.1.13   "Force Majeure" - shall mean any significant, unexpected event which is

beyond the reasonable  control of either Party and for which such Party

could not  reasonably  have been expected to have taken into account as

of the Effective Date.

1.1.14   "Party" or "Parties" - means CELGENE or EOAI or both as the context may

dictate.

1.1.15   "Producer Price Index" - shall mean the Producer Price Index for *** as

published by the Office of National Statistics (ONS) United Kingdom.

1.1.16   "Product"-  means  compound in finished  form  suitable  for use by the

ultimate consumer, packaged and labeled for marketing.

1.1.17   "Purchase Order" - means a formal document issued by CELGENE containing

a firm order for delivery of Bulk Compound.

1.2      In this Agreement -

1.2.1    "References" - unless the context otherwise requires, all references to

a particular Clause, paragraph or Appendix shall be a reference to that

Clause,  paragraph or Appendix, in or

2

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

to this Agreement as the same may be amended from time to time pursuant

to this Agreement.

1.2.2    "Headings"  - a  table  of  contents  and  headings  are  inserted  for

convenience only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement.

1.2.3    "Gender/Plurality"  - unless  the  contrary  intention  appears,  words

importing  the  masculine  gender  shall  include the feminine and VICE

VERSA and words in the singular include the plural and VICE VERSA.

1.2.4    "Person"  - unless  the  contrary  intention  appears,  words  denoting

persons   shall   Include   any   individual,   partnership,   company,

corporation,  joint venture, trust, association,  organization or other

entity, in each case whether or not having separate legal personality.

1.2.5    "Include" - reference to the words  "include" or "including"  are to be

construed without limitation to the generality of the preceding words.

2        PURCHASE AND SALE

CELGENE  shall  purchase  from EOAI and EOAI shall sell to CELGENE  the

quantities of Bulk Compound ordered in accordance with Clause 4 hereof.

EON shall not at any time  during the Term (as  defined in Section  7.1

herein) or during  the  two-year  period  thereafter,  manufacture  the

Compound   for  any  person  or  entity   other  than  CELGENE  or  its

designee(s),  without the prior written consent of CELGENE. which shall

not be unreasonably withheld.

3        PRICING

3.1      Price

The Contract Price to be paid by CELGENE to EOAI for each (***Kg) Batch

of Bulk  Compound  hereunder  shall be as  indicated  below  net of any

applicable Taxes (as defined in 3.2 below):

*** (in words: US Dollars ***) per Kg

The foregoing  Contract Price shall be payable in United States Dollars

and shall be  adjusted  at the end of each  Contract  Year for all Bulk

Compound ordered during the ensuing Contract Year by a percentage equal

to the percentage  change in the Producer Price Index during the twelve

(12) months preceding the change in the Contract Year.

Any other adjustment to the Contract Price due to external factors such

as raw material  price changes can be  implemented  at any time through

the agreement of both Parties.

3

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

3.2      Taxes

In the event that any national,  federal,  state, county,  municipal or

other governmental excise,  sales, import,  export, stamp or other tax,

assessment,  or other  government-imposed  charge  (other  than any tax

imposed  upon the Income of EOAI)  (collectively,  "Taxes")  is levied,

assessed  or  charged  to  EOAI  on or  for  the  sale,  production  or

transportation of the Bulk Compound sold to CELGENE, the Contract Price

shall be increased by an amount  sufficient  to cover such Taxes.  Upon

request by CELGENE,  EOAI shall promptly  provide CELGENE with evidence

of payment of Taxes.

4        FORECASTS AND ORDERS

4.1      Initial Forecast

Attached  hereto as Appendix 2 is the current  forecast of the quantity

of Bulk  Compound  that  CELGENE will require for the first twelve (12)

months of the Term (the  "Initial  Strategic  Forecast").  The  Initial

Strategic  Forecast shall  constitute a firm  production  order against

which  CELGENE  shall  Issue  Purchase  Orders.  CELGENE  may,  at  its

discretion,  issue  Purchase  Orders for  quantities  of Bulk  Compound

forecast for  delivery  after the first twelve (12) months of the Term.

It is intended that the forecasts be used by EOAI to ensure appropriate

and timely replenishment of stock.

4.2      Rolling Forecast

On or about the first week of each  January  and July of each  Contract

Year,  CELGENE  shall  confirm  to EOAI,  or update as  necessary,  the

Initial  Strategic  Forecast  (it  being  understood  that the  Initial

Strategic  Forecast  constitutes a firm  production  order according to

Clause 4.1) and each  successive  forecast  subsequent  thereto (each a

"Semi-Annual  Forecast")  for the  ensuing  twelve-month  period of the

Term.  The  second six (6) months of each  Semi-Annual  Forecast  shall

constitute a firm  production  order  against which CELGENE shall issue

Purchase Orders.

4.3      Acceptance of Purchase Orders

Subject to any adjustment that may be desirable to match  manufacturing

batch  requirements  and which shall be  promptly  notified to CELGENE,

EOAI shall accept firm Purchase  Orders  placed by CELGENE  pursuant to

Clauses 4.1 and 4.2 above, within *** days of receipt, of such quantity

up to *** percent  (***%) of the then  current firm  production  order.

EOAI  shall  use  commercially  reasonable  efforts,  but  shall not be

obligated, to supply any quantities ordered by CELGENE in excess of the

*** percent (***%) cap.  Within *** days after EOAI receives  CELGENE's

firm Purchase  Order for  quantities of Bulk Compound in excess of such

*** percent  (***%) cap,  EOAI shall  notify  CELGENE  whether EOAI can

supply the quantities and by what date.

4

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

4.4      Purchase Orders

CELGENE  shall  provide  EOAI with  Purchase  Orders  covering the firm

production orders detailed in Causes 4.1 and 42 above not less than ***

days  after  provision  of the  Initial  Strategic  Forecast  and  each

Semi-Annual  Forecast,  as  applicable.  Each  Purchase  Order  made by

CELGENE  shall be in writing  and,  in  addition  to any other terms or

requirements that the Parties may specifically establish in writing for

such Purchase Order,  shall set forth the date by which the goods shall

be available for  collection  (the  "Delivery  Date').  EOAI shall make

available  for  collection  each shipment of Bulk Compound on or before

the Delivery  Date;  provided that it is  understood  and agreed by the

Parties  that  EOAI  shall  not be  obligated  to make  available  Bulk

Compound by the Delivery  Date set forth in any Purchase  Order,  which

Purchase  Order is  received  by EOAI less than *** days  prior to such

Delivery Date. The Delivery Date in such case shall be deemed to be ***

days after the date of receipt of the Purchase Order by EOAI.

4.5      Units to be Ordered and Minimum Order Quantity

Purchase  Orders will be  expressed  in terms of Batch  multiples.  The

standard Batch size is *** kilograms,  from which the actual Batch size

may vary by plus or minus *** percent (***%).

4.6      Conflicting Terms and Conditions

Except  as  otherwise  provided  in  this  Agreement,   the  terms  and

conditions  of  this  Agreement  shall  govern,   notwithstanding   any

additional or  inconsistent  terms or  conditions in CELGENE's  form of

Purchase  Order  or  similar  document  or in  EOAI's  acknowledgement,

invoice or similar document.

5        SHIPMENT, INVOICES, DELIVERY

5.1      Title and Risk of Loss

Risk of loss for the Bulk Compound  shall pass to CELGENE upon delivery

FCA  Abingdon  Incoterms  2000.  Title  shall  pass to  CELGENE on full

payment of the Contract Price to EOAI for the Bulk Compound.

5.2      Shipment

EOAI shall, as agent for CELGENE, arrange for shipment of Bulk Compound

covered by firm Purchase Orders from CELGENE pursuant to this Agreement

to the  destination  advised by CELGENE  accompanied by Certificates of

Analysis  for each Batch of Bulk  Compound  included in such  shipment.

CELGENE shall be  responsible  for  obtaining any necessary  import and

export  permits  and the like for Bulk  Compound.  EOAI  shall  provide

reasonable  assistance to CELGENE in this respect.  Where Bulk Compound

available for shipment has not yet received  quality  control  release,

CELGENE  reserves the right to require in writing that such shipment be

made under quarantine.

5

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

CELGENE  shall  provide  EOAI with  appropriate  instructions  for each

shipment of Bulk Compound  designating the destination,  including full

address   details.   Shipment  shall  not  be  made  without   specific

authorization  of  CELGENE.  EOAI  shall,  as  agent  for  CELGENE,  be

responsible for arranging  appropriate carriage and insurance and shall

invoice CELGENE for such  reasonable  out-of-pocket  expenses.  CELGENE

shall have its choice of carrier on this basis.

5.3      Invoices

At the date the Bulk Compound is accepted by the carrier, as authorized

by CELGENE pursuant to Clause 5.2 above, EOAI shall invoice CELGENE for

the Contract  Price for the total Bulk Compound  shipped.  In the event

that Bulk Compound is stored at EOAI in  accordance  with the Agreement

for Storage  referenced in Clause 5.5 below,  EOAI will invoice CELGENE

upon placing the Bulk Compound into storage.

5.4      Addresses

Unless otherwise notified to the sending party in writing:

All Purchase Orders shall be sent to:        Evotec OAI Ltd

151 Milton Park

Abingdon, Oxon OX14 4SD

United Kingdom

Attn:  ***

Tel:  ***

Fax:  ***

All shipments of Bulk Compound shall be sent to: to be informed

All invoices shall be sent to:               Celgene Corporation

7 Powder Horn Drive

Warren

New Jersey 07059

United States of America

Attn:  ***

Tel:  ***

Fax:  ***

5.5      Storage

Contemporaneously  with the execution  and delivery of this  Agreement,

the Parties  hereto are  executing  and  exchanging  an  Agreement  for

Storage in the form attached as Appendix 3 hereto.

6

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

6        PAYMENTS

Payment  shall be due no later than *** days from the date of  invoice.

Late payments  shall attract  interest at an annual rate of *** percent

(***%) above the base lending rate of Barclays  Bank plc at of the date

such payment becomes past due and as may be adjusted from time to time.

Payment shall be made in *** by wire  transfer to an account  indicated

by EOAI, the details of which shall be notified to CELGENE by EOAI from

time to time.

7        TERM AND TERMINATION

7.1      Term

Except as  provided  in  Clauses  7.2 and 7.3  below,  the term of this

Agreement  commences on the Effective Date and continues  until the end

of the *** Contract Year (the "Term").

7.2      Renewal Term

The Term shall be  automatically  renewed  for a period of *** upon the

end of the *** Contract  Year and upon the end of each  renewal  period

unless either Party to this Agreement  notifies the other in writing at

least *** prior to the  commencement  of such renewal that such renewal

shall not occur.

7.3      Early Termination

7.3.1    In  addition  to the  provisions  of Clauses  7.1 and 7.2  above,  this

Agreement may be terminated prior to the expiration of the Term:

(a)      by the non-breaching  Party on *** written notice in the event

of  materiel  breach,  or breach of a material  term,  of this

Agreement  by the  other  Party  which  breach  has  not  been

remedied by such other Party within such *** period; or

(b)      by  the  non-defaulting   Party  on  ***  written  notice  (if

reasonable  steps  toward  cure have not been made during such

time) if the  other  Party  suspends  payment  of its debts or

otherwise  ceases  or  threatens  to  cease  to  carry  on its

business, becomes bankrupt or insolvent, goes into liquidation

(except for the purposes of  reconstruction  or amalgamation),

or compounds or enters into an arrangement with its creditors,

or a  receiver  or manager of the other  Party's  business  is

appointed,  or a petition is presented  for the  winding-up of

the other Party.

7.3.2    Notwithstanding  Clause  7.2  above,  CELGENE  shall  have the right to

terminate  this  Agreement for any reason upon *** prior written notice

to EOAI.

7.3.3    Upon the early termination of this Agreement by Celgene for any reason,

EOAI agrees to cooperate  reasonably  with CELGENE in good faith as may

be reasonably  necessary to

7

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

facilitate the timely qualification of an alternative  manufacturer for

the Bulk Compound at Celgene's expense.

7.4      Effect of Termination

7.4.1    Survival of Liability

Termination  under  Clauses  7.1,  7.2 or 7.3 above  shall not  relieve

either Party of its liability for breach of its obligations pursuant to

the terms  and  conditions  of this  Agreement  incurred  prior to such

termination.

7.4.2    Stock

In the event of early  termination by CELGENE under Clause 7.3.2 above,

CELGENE has the  obligation  to purchase from EOAI all usable stocks of

Bulk Compound then on hand not exceeding the amount of the then current

firm production order.

7.4.3    In case of early  termination  by EOAI under Clause 7.3.1 or by CELGENE

pursuant to Clause 7.3.2 above,  CELGENE shall be  responsible  to EOAI

for all  amounts  for  which  EOAI is  contractually  obligated  to its

contractors  that are not  Affiliates  provided such  contracts  relate

solely  to the  production  of Bulk  Compound,  and are not  reasonably

avoidable,  and provided further that EOAI uses commercially reasonable

efforts to mitigate same.

8        SUPPLY QUALITY AND SECURITY OF PRODUCT

8.1      Certificate of Analysis

EOAI  shall  test or  cause  to be  tested  each  lot of Bulk  Compound

according to the  Compound  Specifications  pursuant to this  Agreement

before  delivery,  and a  Certificate  of Analysis  shall set forth the

items tested,  specifications  and test results for each lot delivered.

EOAI shall send or cause to be sent such certificates to CELGENE and to

CELGENE's designated subcontractor prior to shipment, together with the

delivery  of  Bulk  Compound.  CELGENE  is  entitled  to  rely  on such

certificates  for all  purposes  of this  Agreement.  Unless  otherwise

requested in writing by CELGENE,  EOAI shall  release the Bulk Compound

to CELGENE  or to  CELGENE's  designated  subcontractor  after  testing

against the Compound Specifications.

8.2      Good Manufacturing Practices Audits

At CELGENE's  request and upon fourteen (14) days prior notice to EOAI,

EOAI   shall   arrange   CELGENE   or   CELGENE's   agents   (bound  by

confidentiality   obligations   similar  to  those   contained  in  its

Agreement)  access during  reasonable  business hours to those areas of

EOAI's facilities where Bulk Compound is manufactured, analyzed, stored

and handled and to  manufacturing,  analytical  and quality  records of

Bulk Compound manufactured for CELGENE. Such visits shall be limited to

two (2) times per year,  other

8

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

than in  extenuating  circumstances.  The right to access  contained in

this  Clause is  exclusive  of the rights  discussed  in the  following

paragraph.

EOAI shall advise CELGENE immediately if an authorized agent of the FDA

or any other governmental agency visits or announces plans to visit any

of EOAI's manufacturing  facilities  concerning Bulk Compound.  CELGENE

shall be entitled, where practicable and relevant, to be present at any

such  inspection  and, where notice of such  inspection is available to

satisfy itself prior to such  inspection  that  reasonable best efforts

are being made to ensure a satisfactory outcome of the inspection. EOAI

shall  furnish to CELGENE  the report by such  agency of such visit and

the application of such report to Compound,  if any, within forty-eight

(48) hours of EOAI's receipt of such report.

8.3      Discrepant Test Results

Notwithstanding Clause 8.1, on receipt of the Bulk Compound, CELGENE or

its designated  subcontractor or agent may conduct  analytical  testing

within sixty (60) days of receipt of such Bulk  Compound in  accordance

with  Clause  8.4. In the event of a  discrepancy  between  EOAI's test

results  and those of CELGENE  or any of  CELGENE's  subcontractors  or

agents,  such  that  one  set  of  results  fall  within  the  Compound

Specifications   and  the  other  results  fall  outside  the  Compound

Specifications  and in the event that such discrepant results cannot be

resolved  to both  Parties'  satisfaction,  the  Parties  shall cause a

recognized  independent testing laboratory to perform comparative tests

on samples of the allegedly defective Bulk Compound, provided that such

independent  laboratory  is  mutually  agreeable  to the  Parties.  The

independent  tester's results shall be final and binding.  The costs of

the testing shall be borne by EOAI where EOAI's test results were found

by the independent tester to be erroneous and otherwise by CELGENE.

8.4      Defective Bulk Compound or Shortage of Supply

CELGENE shall notify EOAI in writing of any claim  relating to damaged,

defective  or  non-conforming  (with  respect  to this  Agreement,  the

Compound  Specifications,  applicable  regulations  or the  like)  Bulk

Compound or any shortage in quantity of any  shipment of Bulk  Compound

within *** days of receipt of such Bulk  Compound (it being  understood

that a *** day period is  required  for initial  testing  and  standard

quality  assurance  testing of the Bulk  Compound),  or, in the case of

Bulk Compound having latent defects.  which upon reasonable examination

within such *** day period could not have been  discovered,  within ***

days after discovery of such defect by CELGENE.  The Parties agree that

in extenuating and unusual  circumstances,  such *** day limit shall be

extended to a reasonable  time period under the  circumstances.  In the

event of such rejection or storage, EOAI shall, unless otherwise agreed

by the Parties or the cause of the rejection has been  determined to be

not the fault of EOAI in accordance with Clause 8.3 above,  (i) use its

commercially  reasonably  best  efforts  to  replace  the  rejected  or

shortage of Bulk  Compound  without  undue delay but in no case greater

than the time quoted for the original manufacture and delivery, subject

to the  provisions of Clause 12 of this Agreement  (force  majeure) and

raw  material  availability,  at no extra  cost to

9

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

CELGENE,  (ii)  make  arrangements  with  CELGENE  for  the  return  or

destruction of any rejected Bulk Compound,  all associated  costs to be

paid by EOAI,  (iii)  reimburse  CELGENE for the  shipping  and related

charges in respect of rejected Bulk Compound,  and (iv) with respect to

any shortage of Bulk Compound,  bear the costs of shipping and insuring

such Bulk  Compound to the extent that such  costs,  together  with the

shipping  and  insurance  costs of the  original  shipment,  exceed the

shipping and  insurance  costs that would have been  incurred had there

not been a shortage in the original shipment.

8.5      Compound Specifications; Cost of Changes

Compound  Specifications  may be modified from time to time as required

by applicable law or a regulation or regulatory authority, or otherwise

by written  agreement  of the  Parties and such  amended  form shall be

attached hereto as a replacement for Appendix 1. The Parties agree that

in the event  that  material  changes  to the  Compound  Specifications

and/or EOAI's  facility or processes are required by applicable  law or

regulation, the expense of such changes shall be handled as follows:

(a)      CELGENE shall be responsible for such  out-of-pocket  costs in

the event that the required changes are specific and unique to

EOAI's services related to CC-5013.

(b)      EOAI shall be responsible  for such costs in all other events,

which  includes,  without  limitation,  changes in regulations

which affect EOAI's work with clients other than CELGENE.

In addition, the change control provisions contained in 8.6 below shall

apply.

8.6      Change Control

Any change in relation to methods of manufacture, specifications, batch

size and  packaging  or in any of the plants in which Bulk  Compound is

manufactured,  packaged or stored,  which reasonably could be deemed to

require regulatory  amendment under US and/or EU regulations,  shall be

subject  to  CELGENE's  prior  written  approval  which  shall  not  be

unreasonably  withheld.  The Parties  will  co-operate  in ensuring any

necessary regulatory  amendments are obtained.  No changes that require

regulatory   amendment   shall  be  implemented   until  all  necessary

regulatory approvals have been obtained.

8.7      Shelf Life

All Bulk Compound  delivered  shall have at least *** months  remaining

prior to its re-test  date,  as such date is determined by the Compound

Specifications.

8.8      Equipment

EOAI agrees that it currently  possesses or will purchase and maintain,

at its sole cost and expense  unless  otherwise  agreed by the Parties,

all  equipment  required to perform the  services  required of it under

this  Agreement.  Any  changes  to be made  to  equipment  shall  be in

compliance with the applicable  regulatory  authority's  guidelines and

requirements.

10

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

No such changes shall be made by EOAI without the prior written consent

of CELGENE, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

8.9      Facility.

All  manufacturing  pursuant to this  Agreement  shall be  performed at

EOAI's  manufacturing   facility  located  at  Unit  117  Milton  Park,

Abingdon, Oxon OX14 4SD, United Kingdom. Any changes to be made by EOAI

with respect to manufacturing building, facilities and batch size shall

be in compliance with the applicable regulatory  authority's guidelines

and  requirements.  No such  changes  shall be made by EOAI without the

prior  written  consent of  CELGENE,  which  shall not be  unreasonably

withheld.

8.10     Subcontracting.

Except as otherwise  expressly  provided in this Agreement,  EOAI shall

not subcontract any manufacturing of Bulk Compound or its intermediates

without the prior written consent of CELGENE.

EOAI shall be allowed to subcontract  analytical  services (such as ***

and  ***)  without  prior   consent  of  CELGENE   provided  that  such

subcontractors  have  been  approved  by  CELGENE  in  writing  for the

specific  services to be rendered by same and such  subcontractors  are

bound by confidentiality and intellectual  properly obligations no less

strict than the use of this Agreement.

9        RECALLS

9.1      In the event that

(a)      any government authority issues a request,  directive or order

that the Product and/or Bulk Compound be recalled; or

(b)      a court of competent jurisdiction orders such a recall; or

(c)      CELGENE  reasonably  determines  after  consultation  with its

subcontractors  and/or  EOAI  that  the  Product  and/or  Bulk

Compound should be recalled.

CELGENE shall take all appropriate  corrective actions,  and EOAI shall

provide reasonable assistance at CELGENE's request.

9.2      To the extent  that any such  recall is caused by EOAI's  breach of any

term of this  Agreement  including  but not  limited to a warranty  set

forth in  Clause 10 or EOAI's  breach of  statutory  duty or out of the

negligence or intentional misconduct of EOAI, EOAI shall be responsible

for the cost of the recall  provided that EOAI shall not be responsible

for the cost of any  recall to the  extent it is not caused by any such

breach,  but by an inherent problem  associated with the Compound,  the

registered process and/or the Compound Specifications.

11

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

9.3      For the  purposes  of this  Agreement,  the  expenses  of recall  shall

include, without limitation,  the expenses of notification,  refund and

destruction  or return of the recalled  Product  and/or Bulk  Compound,

where  appropriate,  and  the  Contract  Price  for the  Bulk  Compound

recalled.

10       WARRANTIES

10.1     Title

EOAI  warrants to CELGENE that EOAI shall convey good title to the Bulk

Compound.

10.2     Compliance   with  Applicable   Regulations   and  Good   Manufacturing

Practices; Conformity with Specifications

10.2.1   EOAI warrants and covenants that:

(a)      its manufacturing  facilities  utilized for the manufacture of

Bulk Compound comply and will comply  throughout the Term with

applicable  regulations of the US and EU,  including,  without

limitation, applicable cGMP;

(b)      the processes  utilized for the  manufacture  of Bulk Compound

are and will be throughout  the Term in accordance  with those

contained in the registered marketing authorization;

(c)      all  the  Bulk   Compound   will   conform  to  the   Compound

Specifications when delivered; and

(d)      the Bulk Compound shall have been  manufactured  in accordance

with the registered process and applicable cGMP.

10.3     Insurance

EOAI will  maintain  for the  duration  of its  liabilities  under this

Agreement,  product  liability  insurance  of no less  than ***  pounds

((pound)***)  cover,  per  calendar  year,  with a  reputable  insurer.

Evidence  of such cover and its  renewal  shall be  provided to CELGENE

annually in writing.  In the event that at such policy is  cancelled or

not renewed for any reason,  CELGENE shall be  immediately  notified in

writing  at  least  thirty  (30)  days  prior to such  cancellation  or

non-renewal.

11       INDEMNITY

11.1     EOAI Indemnity

CELGENE  shall  defend,  indemnify  and  hold  harmless  EOAI  and  its

respective  officers,  directors and employees  (the "EOAI  Indemnified

Parties") from and against any and all claims, suits, demands, actions,

causes of action, liabilities,  damages, costs and expenses (including,

without  limitation,  court costs and  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and

expenses)

12

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

incurred by the EOAI  Indemnified  Parties in connection with any third

party claim to the extent arising out of or in connection with any Bulk

Compound  supplied to CELGENE by EOAI pursuant to this Agreement and/or

any products manufactured using such Bulk Compound except to the extent

such third party claim arises out of EOAI's  breach of any term of this

Agreement  including  but not  limited to any  warranties  set forth in

Clause  10 or the  breach  of  statutory  duty by any EOAI  Indemnified

Party(ies) or out of the  negligence or  intentional  misconduct of any

EOAI Indemnified Party(ies).

11.2     CELGENE's Indemnity

EOAI  shall  defend,  indemnify  and  hold  harmless  CELGENE  and  its

respective officers,  directors and employees (the "CELGENE Indemnified

Parties") from and against any and all claims, suits, demands. actions,

causes of action, liabilities,  damages, costs and expenses (including,

without  limitation,  court costs and  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and

expenses)  incurred by the CELGENE  Indemnified  Parties in  connection

with any third  party claim to the extent  that such  liability  arises

from  EOAI's  breach of any term of this  Agreement  including  but not

limited  to any  warranties  set forth in  Clause  10 or the  breach of

statutory  duty  by  any  EOAI  Indemnified  Party(ies)  or  out of the

negligence  or   intentional   misconduct   of  any  EOAI   Indemnified

Party(ies).

11.3     Notice of Claim

The indemnified Party shall:

(a)      advise the  indemnifying  Party in  accordance  with Clause 20

below  of any  claim  or  lawsuit,  in  writing,  as  soon  as

practicable,  but not later than  fourteen (14) days after the

indemnified  Party  has  received  notice  of  said  claim  or

lawsuit; and

(b)      assist the indemnifying  Party and its  representatives in the

investigation  and  defense of any  lawsuit  and/or  claim for

which indemnification is provided,  but allow the indemnifying

Party to maintain control over the action.

The  failure to timely  provide  the notice  under (a) above  shall not

relieve the indemnifying  party of its obligations under this Clause 11

except to the extent that such  failure  substantially  prejudices  the

defense of such third  party  claim.  The  indemnity  provided  in this

Clause 11 shall not be valid as to any settlement of a claim or lawsuit

or offer of  settlement  or  compromise  made without the prior written

approval of the indemnifying Party.

11.4     The  obligations  of the Parties under this Clause 11 shall survive the

expiration or termination of this Agreement.

12       FORCE MAJEURE

12.1     Force Majeure Events

13

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

If a Party (the "Non-Performing Party) shall be unable to carry out any

of its  obligations  under this  Agreement due to Force  Majeure,  this

Agreement  shall  remain  in  effect  but  the  Non-Performing  Party's

relevant  obligations  and the relevant  obligations of the other Party

(the  "Innocent  Party")  owed to the  Non-Performing  Party under this

Agreement shall be suspended for a period equal to the  circumstance of

Force Majeure or three (3) months,  whichever is the shorter,  provided

that

(a)      the  suspension of  performance is of no greater scope than is

required by the Force Majeure;

(b)      the  Non-Performing  Party  gives the  Innocent  Party  prompt

notice   describing  the   circumstances   of  Force  Majeure,

including  the  nature  of the  occurrence  and  its  expected

duration,  and  continues  to  furnish  regular  reports  with

respect thereto during the period of Force Majeure;

(c)      the Non-Performing Party uses all reasonable efforts to remedy

its  inability  to perform and to mitigate  the effects of the

circumstances of Force Majeure;

(d)      as soon as practicable after the event which constitutes Force

Majeure the Parties shall  discuss how best to continue  their

operations  as  far  as  possible  in  accordance   with  this

Agreement and

(e)      any  payment  obligations   relating  to  periods  of  excused

performance shall also be excused and any advance payments for

periods of excused performance shall be refunded.

12.2     Consequences of Force Majeure

Upon the  occurrence of an event of Force Majeure,  the  Non-Performing

Party shall  promptly  notify the  Innocent  Party in writing,  setting

forth the details of the occurrence,  its expected duration and how the

Non-Performing  Party's  performance  is affected.  The  Non-Performing

Party  shall  resume  the  performance  of its  obligations  as soon as

practicable  after the Force Majeure  event  ceases.  In the event that

EOAI is unable to deliver all the Bulk Compound  ordered by CELGENE for

a particular  period as a result of an event of Force Majeure,  CELGENE

may  elect to forego  the  quantities  ordered  or it may elect to take

delivery  within a  reasonable  period of time after the Force  Majeure

event ceases.

13       PATENT INFRINGEMENT

13.1     CELGENE's Warranty and Indemnity

CELGENE  warrants that, to the best of its knowledge,  the manufacture,

use or sale of the Product  and/or Bulk  Compound  does not infringe or

misappropriate  any  patent  or other  proprietary  rights of any third

party.  CELGENE shall defend,  indemnify and hold EOAI harmless against

any judgment, damage, liability, loss, cost or other expense, including

reasonable  legal fees, to the extent resulting from any breach of this

warranty.

14

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

13.2     Co-operation and Consultation

Each Party shall give the other Party prompt  notice of any  threatened

or pending claim or proceeding  against either or both Parties relating

to a claim of infringement described In Clause 13.1 above. In the event

of such notice and at the request of either Party, CELGENE shall assume

control as stated in Clause 13.3 below, but agrees to consult with EOAI

regarding how to proceed with respect to such claim or proceeding.

13.3     Defense by CELGENE

CELGENE  shall  assume  full  control  of the  defense of such claim or

proceeding described in Clause 11.1 above.

14       CONFIDENTIALITY AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

14.1     During  the Term of this  Agreement  and for a period of ten (10) years

thereafter,  neither  Party  shall  disclose  Confidential  Information

received  from the  other  Party  (the  "Disclosing  Party")  hereunder

without the Disclosing Party's prior written consent,  or use or permit

to be used the  Disclosing  Party's  Confidential  Information  for any

other purpose than the  performance of its  obligations or rights under

this  Agreement.  Each Party shall procure that all employees and other

persons having access to any  Confidential  Information are informed of

its  secret  and  confidential  nature  and  to the  extent  reasonably

practicable are subject to written  obligations similar to those of the

Parties in this Clause 14.

14.2     No public  announcement or other disclosure to third parties concerning

the  structure  and  financial  terms of this  Agreement  shall be made

either directly or indirectly by any Party to this Agreement  except as

may be legally  required  without  first  obtaining the approval of the

other Party and agreement upon the nature and text of such announcement

or disclosure  which approval and agreement  shall not be  unreasonably

delayed  or  withheld,  provided  that in the  case  of any  disclosure

required by either Party's investment bankers, lawyers, accountants and

other  professional  advisors,  such  Party  shall not need to seek the

other Party's  prior  approval,  provided that such  disclosure is made

under terms of strict confidentiality and the detail of terms disclosed

shall be kept to the  minimum  required by such  investment  bankers or

other professional advisers.

In all  circumstances,  including where disclosure is legally required,

the  Party  desiring  to make any  such  public  announcement  or other

disclosure shall inform the other Party of the proposed announcement or

disclosure in, so far as practicable,  reasonably sufficient time prior

to public release and shall provide the other Party with a written copy

thereof  in order to allow  such  other  Party  to  comment  upon  such

announcements or disclosure.

Each Party shall  co-operate  fully with the other with  respect to all

disclosures  regarding  this  Agreement to the US  Securities  Exchange

Commission,  the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and any other governmental or

regulatory  agencies including  requests for confidential  treatment of

information of other Party included in any such disclosure.

15

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

14.3     Neither  during  the Term of this  Agreement,  nor for a period  of ***

years thereafter, shall EOAI submit for written or oral publication any

manuscript,   abstract  or  the  like  which  includes  data  or  other

information  generated  in the course of this  Agreement  or  otherwise

provided  by either  Party and  relating  to the  Compound  or  Product

without first  obtaining the prior  written  consent of CELGENE,  which

consent  shall  not  be  unreasonably  withheld  or  delayed.  Wherever

reasonably  possible,  the contribution of each Party shall be noted in

all publications and presentations by acknowledgement or co-authorship,

whichever is appropriate.

14.4     The obligations of confidentiality  referred to in this Clause 14 shall

not extend to any information which:

(a)      is or shall be  generally  available  to the public  otherwise

than by reason of breach by the Party to whom such information

was disclosed  ("the  Recipient  Party") of the  provisions of

this Clause 14;

(b)      is known to the  Recipient  Party and is at its free  disposal

prior to its receipt from the Disclosing Party as demonstrated

by the  written  records of the  Recipient  Party.  Should the

Disclosing Party  reasonably  believe that the Recipient Party

is  planning  to  disclose  Confidential  Information  of  the

Disclosing  Party,  then the Disclosing  Party may, by written

request,  ask the  Recipient  Party to  provide  copies of its

written records which  demonstrate the Recipient Party's prior

knowledge  of such  information.  The  Recipient  Party  shall

provide such written  demonstration within forty (40) Business

Days after the  Disclosing  Party's  written  request.  If the

Recipient  Party does not provide such written  evidence or if

the  Parties  disagree  as to whether  such  written  evidence

establishes  the  Recipient  Party's  prior  knowledge of such

information,  then the  Recipient  Party  shall  not make such

planned  disclosure  unless  and until  such time as a neutral

party  has  ruled  with  respect  to this  Issue in  Recipient

Party's favor.  The Parties shall  promptly  appoint a neutral

party to  determine  whether  or not such  information  is the

Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party;

(c)      is  independently  developed  by or for  the  Recipient  Party

without reference to, and by employees having no knowledge of,

the  Confidential  Information  of the  Disclosing  Party,  as

referenced  by  written  records,   provided  that  conclusive

evidence of such knowledge is furnished by the Recipient Party

to the  Disclosing  Party  within  twenty-eight  (28)  days of

receipt of demand for such proof;

(d)      is  subsequently  disclosed  to the  Recipient  Party  without

obligation  of  confidence  by a  third  party  owing  no such

obligations in respect thereof;

(e)      is  required  by  law  to  be  disclosed,  provided  that  the

provisions of Clause 14.6 are followed; or

16

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

(f)      is required to be disclosed to any  regulatory  authority when

applying for a license to conduct  clinical or other trials or

studies or for regulatory, marketing or pricing approval.

14.5     The  obligations  of the Parties under this Clause 14 shall survive the

expiration or termination of this Agreement.

14.6     Each Party shall  immediately  notify the other Party of receipt of any

process. subpoena, or demand by any governmental authority or any other

person  requiring  production of Confidential  Information of the other

Party and shall,  within five (5) Business Days after receipt,  provide

the other Party with a copy of such process,  subpoena,  or demand and,

as available,  all materials and facts relating and responsive thereto.

The  Party  whose  Confidential  Information  is the  subject  of  such

process,  subpoena,  or demand  shall  have the right to take any legal

action to prevent disclosure of its Confidential Information. The Party

in receipt of such demand for disclosure  shall  reasonably  assist the

first Party in attempting to limit such disclosure.

14.7     EOAI  agrees that any and all right,  title and  interest in and to any

patentable  and/or  copyrightable   material,   notes,  data,  results,

records, inventions, improvements,  developments, discoveries and trade

secrets  made,  conceived,  reduced to practice,  or  discovered in the

performance  of this  Agreement  that  consists  of or  relates  to the

Compound or the Product,  the use,  manufacture or formulation thereof,

or any other material,  product or process  belonging to CELGENE or its

licensors,  or to any improvement(s),  enhancement(s) or refinements of

any  of  same,  shall  be  the  sole  property  of  CELGENE   ("CELGENE

Inventions").  EOAI further  agrees to assign (or cause to be assigned)

and does hereby assign fully to CELGENE all such CELGENE Inventions and

any patents,  copyrights or other intellectual property rights relating

thereto.  In  addition,  to the  extent  allowed  by law,  any  CELGENE

Inventions  which  constitute  copyrightable  subject  matter  shall be

considered  "works made for hire" as that term is defined in the United

States  Copyright Act. All CELGENE  Inventions and any information with

respect  thereto  shall be deemed  CELGENE's  Confidential  Information

subject to the confidentiality  provisions set forth in this Agreement.

EOAI shall  disclose all CELGENE  Inventions to CELGENE  promptly after

EOAI becomes aware of the making, conception,  reduction to practice or

discovery  of  same.  CELGENE  shall  grant  to  EOAI  an  irrevocable,

perpetual, non-exclusive,  royalty-free license to practice the CELGENE

Inventions only in connection with the development or  manufacturing of

products other than (i) the Compound,  (ii) any specific  intermediates

in the synthesis route of the Compound,  and (iii)  diastereoisomers of

the Compound.  The  foregoing  license grant shall include the right to

sublicense  solely to those of  EOAI's  customers  that have  purchased

development  or  manufacturing  services from EOAI and have a bona fide

need to practice the CELGENE  Inventions  in connection  therewith,  in

each  case  subject  to  CELGENE's  prior  written  consent,  not to be

unreasonably withheld.

14.8     Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, or upon CELGENE's

earlier  request,  EOAI  shall  deliver  to  CELGENE  all of  CELGENE's

property  relating  to,  and  all  tangible   embodiments  of,  CELGENE

Inventions in EOAI's possession or control.

17

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

14.9     EOAI agrees to assist  CELGENE,  or  CELGENE's  designee,  at CELGENE's

expense,  to obtain and from time to time enforce and defend  CELGENE's

rights in the CELGENE  Inventions and any copyrights,  patents or other

intellectual property rights relating thereto in any and all countries,

and to execute all documents reasonably necessary for CELGENE to do so.

14.10    EOAI agrees  that if CELGENE is unable  using  commercially  reasonable

efforts, because of EOAI's unavailability (only for the specific act to

be performed),  dissolution,  or refusal, to secure EOAI's signature to

apply for or to pursue any application for any United States of America

or foreign  patents or  copyright  registrations  covering  the CELGENE

Inventions  assigned  to CELGENE as provided  herein,  then EOAI hereby

irrevocably   designates  and  appoints   CELGENE  and  CELGENE's  duly

authorized officers and agents as EOAI's agent and attorney-in-fact, to

act for and in EOAI's  behalf  and stead to  execute  and file any such

applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the

prosecution and issuance of patents and copyright registrations thereon

with the same legal force and effect as if executed by EOAI.

14.11    EOAI  represents  and  warrants  that each  employee of EOAI,  and each

independent  contractor of EOAI, if any, performing any work under this

Agreement has executed an agreement with EOAI containing  provisions in

CELGENE's  favor  substantially  similar to Clause 14.7  through  14.10

above, including,  without limitation,  an obligation to assign any and

all CELGENE Inventions to EOAI or CELGENE.

15       ASSIGNMENT

Save as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither Party may assign,

transfer,  charge or in any other  manner  make over to any third party

the benefit  and/or burden of this Agreement or encumber this Agreement

in any way,  unless  that other Party has  consented  in writing to the

change,  such  consent  not to be  unreasonably  withheld  or  delayed.

Notwithstanding the foregoing.  CELGENE may assign this Agreement to an

Affiliate,   or  in  connection  with  a  merger  or  sale  of  all  or

substantially all its assets,  or a sale,  license or other disposition

of  CELGENE's  business  related  to the  Compound,  without  the prior

consent of EOAI,  provided  that the  assignee  agrees to abide by this

Agreement.

16       GOVERNING LAW

The validity,  construction  and performance of this Agreement shall be

governed  by the laws of the State of New  York,  USA,  without  giving

effect to the  principles of conflicts of law thereof.  In the event of

any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to any provision of

this  Agreement or the breach  thereof,  the parties hereto will try to

settle their differences  amicably by themselves.  Any such controversy

or claim which the parties hereto are unable to resolve shall initially

be submitted for review and resolution by the chief executive  officers

of the parties hereto. Any action,  suit or other proceeding  initiated

by either party hereto under or in connection with this Agreement shall

be brought  only in any Federal or state court in the State of New York

having  jurisdiction  over the  subject  matter  thereof,  as the party

hereto  bringing  such action,  suit or

18

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

proceeding  shall elect.  The parties  hereto submit  themselves to the

jurisdiction  of any such  court and agree  that  service of process on

them in any such  action,  suit or  proceeding  may be  effected by the

means  by  which  notices  are  to be  given  to it  pursuant  to  this

Agreement.

17       WAIVER

Neither  Party  shall be deemed  to have  waived  any of its  rights or

remedies whatsoever unless such waiver is made in writing and signed by

a duly authorized representative of that Party. In particular, no delay

or failure of either Party in exercising or enforcing any of its rights

or remedies  whatsoever  shall operate as a waiver  thereof or so as to

preclude or impair the  exercise or  enforcement  thereof nor shall any

partial  exercise or  enforcement of any such right or remedy by either

Party preclude or impair any other  exercise or enforcement  thereof by

such Party.

18       SEVERANCE OF TERMS

18.1     If the  whole or any part of this  Agreement  is or shall  become to be

declared illegal,  invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction for any

reason  whatsoever  (including  both by reason of the  provision of any

legislation  and  also  by  reason  of any  decision  of any  court  of

competent  authority either having  jurisdiction over this Agreement or

having jurisdiction over either of the Parties to this Agreement):

18.1.1   In the case of the  illegality,  validity  or  unenforceability  of the

whole  of  this  Agreement,  it  shall  terminate  in  relation  to the

jurisdiction in question; or

18.1.2   In the case of the illegality,  invalidity or  unenforceability of part

of this  Agreement,  such part shall be severed from the Agreement,  or

modified  to  the  extent  required  to  allow  enforceability,  in the

jurisdiction   in  question,   and  such   illegality,   invalidity  or

unenforceability  shall not in any way  whatsoever  prejudice or affect

the  remaining  parts of this  Agreement  which shall  continue in full

force and effect provided  always that if in the reasonable  opinion of

either Party any such severance materially affects the commercial basis

of this Agreement, such Party shall notify the other Party, whereby the

Parties  shall meet and in good  faith try to  replace  the part of the

Agreement so held illegal, invalid or unenforceable.

19       ENTIRE AGREEMENT/VARIATIONS

19.1     This Agreement between the Parties constitutes the entire agreement and

understanding  between the Parties in relation to the commercial supply

of  Bulk   Compound   and   supersedes   all  prior   oral  or  written

understandings,  arrangements,  representations  or agreements  between

them relating to this subject matter.

19.2     No variation,  amendment,  modification or supplement to this Agreement

shall be valid  unless  made in writing  in the  English  language  and

signed by a duly authorized representative of each Party.

19

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

20       NOTICES

20.1     Save as otherwise  expressly  provided in this  Agreement any notice or

other  communication  to be given by any  person  to any  other  person

pursuant  to this  Agreement  shall be in  writing  and in the  English

language and shall be delivered by hand or sent by first class  prepaid

post or facsimile,  and shall be addressed to the recipient and sent to

the address or facsimile number of the recipient set out below,  marked

for the attention of the  representative set out below or to such other

address and/or  facsimile  number or marked for such other attention as

such  recipient  may  from  time to time  specify  by  notice  given in

accordance  with this Clause 20 to the Party giving the relevant notice

or other communication to it and shall be deemed to have been received:

20.1.1   In the case of delivery by hand, when delivered; or

20.1.2   In the case of  first  class  prepaid  post,  on the  fifth  (5th)  day

following the day of posting; or

20.1.3   In the case of facsimile, on acknowledgement by the recipient facsimile

receiving   equipment   on  a   Business   Day   provided   that   such

acknowledgement  occurs  before 17:00 hours local time of the recipient

on the  Business  Day of  acknowledgement  and in any other case on the

Business Day next following having the Business Day of acknowledgement.

CELGENE:              Celgene Corporation

7 Powder Horn Drive

Warren, New Jersey 07059

United States of America

Attention:  ***

Tel:   ***

Fax:   ***

EOAI:                 Evotec OAI Limited

151 Milton Park

Abingdon

Oxfordshire OX14 4SD

United Kingdom

Attention:  ***

Tel:   ***

Fax:   ***

21       COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts and by the different

Parties hereof by separate counterparts, each of which when so executed

shall be an original,  and both of which shall  constitute  one and the

same  instrument.  Complete sets of  counterparts  shall be lodged with

each Party.

20

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

22       REGISTRATION

Either  Party  shall have the right at any time where  commercially  or

legally necessary or desirable to record,  register or otherwise notify

this Agreement to appropriate governmental or regulatory offices having

first given thirty (30) days' written  notice to the other Party of its

intention so to do. The Party seeking to record,  register or otherwise

notify this Agreement shall give due  consideration  to any comments or

reasonable  request  made  by the  other  Party  in  relation  to  such

recording,  registering  or  notifying.  The other Party shall  provide

reasonable  assistance  in affecting  such  recording,  registering  or

notifying.

23       INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS

None of the provisions of this Agreement  shall be deemed to constitute

a  partnership  or joint  venture  between the Parties and none of them

shall  have any  authority  to bind the  others  in any way  except  as

provided in this Agreement.

24       COSTS

Each  Party  shall  bear its own  legal  costs,  legal  fees and  other

expenses incurred in the preparation and execution of this Agreement.

[Signature Page Follows]

21

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF the Parties have  executed this document as an Agreement the

date and year first above written.

For and on behalf of                                         )  /s/ ***

----------------

CELGENE CORPORATION                                          )

)

----------------

Legal

Dept ***

For and or behalf of                                         )  /s/ ***

----------------

EVOTEC OAI LIMITED                                           )  ***

----------------

***

22

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

AMENDMENT TO THE SUPPLY AGREEMENT

This  Amendment,  effective  October 25,  2004,  is an amendment to the

Supply Agreement  effective October __, 2004 (the "Agreement")  between Celgene,

Inc.,  having  an  address  at  7  Powder  Horn  Drive,  Warren  NJ  07059,  USA

(hereinafter  "Celgene")  and Evotec  OAI Ltd.,  having an address at 151 Milton

Park, Abingdon, Oxfordshire OX14 4SD, UK (hereinafter "EOAI").

WHEREAS,  Celgene  and EOAI wish to revise  the per  kilogram  price in

clause 3.1 of the  Agreement as a result of the  introduction  of an  additional

water slurry to guarantee the Polymorph ***.

The  revised  price  per  kilogram  for a batch  size of ***  kilograms

(***Kg) shall be ***.

In all other  respects,  the  Agreement  shall remain in full force and

effect, unless further amended by written agreement.

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  hereto  have  duly  executed  this

Amendment effective the day and year first above-written.

Celgene, Inc.

By.       ***

------------------------------------

Name:     ***

----------------------------------

Title:    ***

---------------------------------

Evotec OAI, Ltd.

By.       ***

------------------------------------

Name:     ***

----------------------------------

Title:    ***

---------------------------------

*** - indicates  material omitted pursuant to a Confidential  Treatment  Request

and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.