
Bi matrix

 

Master Subscription Services Agreement

This Master Subscription Services Agreement (“Agreement”) is between CLM Matrix, a Texas corporation (CLM) and the entity or

individual signing below (Customer), and is dated as of the date of last signature.

1) CONTRACT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT SERVICE. This Agreement provides Customer access toa proprietary online subscription service
consisting of an Internet based contract lifecycle management services which includes the following functionality:

- Contract Modeling - ability to input contract metadata into the system

- Contract Portal - role based repository of contract information in tabular form

- Contract Monitoring and Tracking - ability to perform user defined ad hoc reporting

- Rule and Policy Based Workflow - ability to set up alerts notifications and reminders based on critical contract dates and

obligations.

CLM will provide this functionality through a [URL] provided by CLM within a hosted server environment and under the terms below

(Service). This Agreement contemplates one or more orders for the Services, which orders are governed by the terms of this Agreement

and will describe the Services ordered in more detail (which may include a setup statement of work). Customer may allow its employees

and contractors to access the Services in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, which access must be for the sole benefit of

Customer. Customer is responsible for the compliance with this Agreement by its employees and contractors.

2) USE OF SERVICES.

a). CLM Responsibilities. CLM must (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Services available, except for (x) scheduled
outages, or (y) unavailability caused by force majeure, (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to protect the Customer Data from
unauthorized access, and (iii) provide customer support for the Services at no additional charge, as further detailed at:
http://www.clmmatrix.com/support

b). Customer Responsibilities. Customer (i) is responsible for Customer Data, (ii) must use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent

unauthorized access to the Services, and notify CLM promptly of any such unauthorized access, and (iii) may use the Services only in
accordance with its user guide and applicable law.
Customer may not (w) sell, resell, rent or lease the Services, (x) use the Services to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise
unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party rights, (y) interfere with or disrupt the
integrity or performance of the Services, or (z) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or their related systems or
networks.

3) PAYMENT TERMS. Customer must pay all fees within thirty (30) days of receipt of an invoice. Customer is responsible for sales, use and
other similar taxes. Should Customer dispute an invoice or part thereof, Customer shall notify CLMM and parties will in good faith
endeavor to resolve the dispute. Customer shall pay any undisputed portion of the invoice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Payment for first month service must be received prior to activation of the Services.

4) WARRANTY/SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT and REMEDY.

a). CLM Limited Warranty. CLM warrants to Customer (i) that commercially reasonable efforts will be made to maintain the online
availability of the Services for a minimum of availability in any given month as provided in the chart below (excluding scheduled
outages), ({i) the functionality of the Services will not materially decrease, (iii) and the customer support will not materially degrade.

Availability Credit

- 99.5 - 95% = 5 % of monthly fee.
- 94,99 - 90% = 10 % of monthly fee.
- Less than 90% = 15% of monthly fee.

b). Limited Remedy and Disclaimer. Customer’s exclusive remedy and CLM’s sole obligation for breach of the warranty in (a)(i)
immediately above will be for CLM to provide a credit as provided in the chart above (if this Agreement is not renewed, thena refund),
for the month in question; provided that Customer notifies CLM of such breach within 30 days of the end of the month in question.
CLM DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY THAT SERVICES WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE OR WITHOUT DELAY, AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

c). Mutual Compliance with Laws Warranty. Each party represents and warrants to the other party that it will comply with all
applicable laws, including foreign export controls, regarding its performance under this Agreement, including without limitation
privacy related laws.

5) MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY.

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010217 Page 1 of 4

Copyright © 2017 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

a). efinition ential Information. Confidential Information means all confidential information disclosed by a party
(Discloser) to the other party (Recipient), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should
be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure, including all Customer Data
(collectively, Confidential Information). CLM’s Confidential Information includes the Services.

b). Protection of Confidential Information. The Recipient must use the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality

of its own confidential information of like kind (but in no event less than reasonable care) not to disclose or use any Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement. The Recipient must make commercially
reasonable efforts to limit access to Confidential Information of Discloser to those of its employees, [contractors] and agents who
need such access for purposes consistent with this Agreement and who have signed confidentiality Agreements with Recipient no
less restrictive than the confidentiality terms of this Agreement.

c). Exclusions. Confidential Information excludes information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of
any obligation owed to Discloser, (ii) was known to the Recipient prior to its disclosure by the Discloser without breach of any
obligation owed to the Discloser, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to Discloser, or (iv) was
independently developed by the Recipient without use or access to the Confidential Information.

6) PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.

a). Reservation of Rights by CLM. The software, workflow processes, and other technologies provided by CLM as part of the Services
are the proprietary property of CLM and its licensors, and all right, title and interest in and to such items, including all associated
intellectual property rights, remain only with CLM. CLM grants no rights unless expressly provided in this Agreement.

b). pustomer Restrictions Customer may not:

reverse engineer the Services or the Licensed Documentation (defined below);

ih remove or modify any proprietary marking or restrictive legends in the Service; or

iii. access the Service to (w) build a competitive product or service, or (x) copy any feature, function or graphic of the Service for
competitive purposes.

c). Customer Data. All uploaded data under Customer's account remains the sole property of Customer, as between CLM and Customer
(Customer Data). Customer grants CLM a non-exclusive term license to use, modify, copy and prepare derivate works of the
Customer Data for purposes of CLM performing under this Agreement. CLM will at any time, but no more than once a month, provide
the Customer Data to Customer (upon request) for an administrative fee of $500.00. CLM may use during and after this Agreement
all aggregated, anonymized and non-identifiable information and data in the Services for purposes of enhancing the Services,
technical support and other business purposes.

d). Licensed Documentation. The Product User Guide and other CLM provided product documentation is licensed to Customer as
follows: CLM grants Customer a non-exclusive, worldwide, license for the duration of the Services to such material for Customer's
internal use solely with the Services, with the right to make additional copies of the material for such duration and purpose (Licensed
Documentation).

7) EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

a). Exclusion of Certain Damages. EXCEPT FOR A VIOLATION OF CLM’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR A FAILURE TO
PROTECT CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 5, NEITHER PARTY IS LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, COSTS OF DELAY, LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION, AND
ANY FAILURE OF DELIVERY OF THE SERVICES).

b). Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR A FAILURE TO PROTECT CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 5, CLM’S
LIABILITY FOR ALL DAMAGES RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) DOES NOT
EXCEED THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER WITHIN THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

8) TERM, TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION OF SERVICE.

a). Term. This Agreement continues until all orders have expired or are terminated. Orders may have durations specified on the order
(Term). The initial term for this order is 48 months.

b). Mutual Termination for Material Breach. If either party is in breach of any material term of this Agreement, the other party may
terminate this Agreement at the end ofa written 30-day notice/cure period, if the breach has not been cured.

i. Actions upon T. tion.
(w) Upon any termination as provided in 8(b) above by Customer, CLM must refund any prepaid fees covering the remainder of
the Term of that order.
CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010217 Page 2 of 4

Copyright © 2017 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

9)

10)

(x) Upon any termination as provided in 8(b) above by CLM, Customer must pay any unpaid fees covering the remainder of the
Term of all orders, and destroy all CLM property. Customer upon request will confirm that it has complied with these
requirements,

c). Return of Customer Data, Within 60 days after termination or expiration of an order, this Agreement or both, CLM will, upon
request, provide the Customer Data to Customer (to the extent Customer has not already deleted such information from the Services).
After a 60-day period after termination, CLM has no obligation to maintain any of the Customer Data.

d). Suspension of Service for Violations of Law. CLM may immediately suspend the Services and remove applicable Customer Data if

it in good faith believes that, as part of using the Services, Customer may have violated a law. CLM may try to contact Customer in
advance, but it is not required to do so.

GOVERNING LAW AND EXCLUSIVE FORUM. This Agreement is governed by the State of Texas, substantive laws, without regard to
conflict of laws principles. The prevailing party in litigation is entitled to recover its attorneys’ fees and costs from the other party.

MISCELLANEOUS OTHER TERMS. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties, and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous negotiations or Agreements, whether oral or written, related to this subject matter. - No modification or waiver of any
term of this Agreement is effective unless both parties sign it. - Neither party may assign or transfer this Agreement or an order toa third
party, except that the Agreement with all orders may be assigned as part of a merger, or sale of all or substantially all of the business or
assets, of a party. - The parties are independent contractors with respect to each other. - If any term of this Agreement is invalid or
unenforceable, the other terms remain in effect. - If there is any inconsistency between this Agreement and the order, the order will
govern. - CLM rejects additional or conflicting terms ofa form purchasing document. If there is an inconsistency between this Agreement
and an order, the order prevails. - Any terms that by their nature survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, will survive. CLM
may use Customer's name and logo in customer lists and related promotional materials describing Customer as a customer of CLM, which
use must be in accordance with Customer’s trademark guidelines and policies.

Duck Creek Technologies LLC CLM Matrix

Ua A Ck. plata Timothy B_ Sparks

Name: Vincent A. Chippari Name: _ Timothy B. Sparks

Title: _CFO Title: __CEO

Date: __ August 16, 2017

Date: August 16, 2017

Email ‘Signed’ Agreement to: tsparks@clmmatrix.com

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010217 Page 3 of 4
Copyright © 2017 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

CLM Matrix Subscription Services Agreement

Schedule A is attached to and becomes, upon execution by both parties below, a part of the CLM Matrix Subscription Services Agreement between

Schedule A

such parties and sets forth the specific terms and conditions relating to the Subscription Services listed below:

 

Effective License Date

Date of signature below

 

Licensed Software

Matrix Enterprise v15.x SaaS

 

Software Format

Object

 

Operating Platform

Microsoft

 

License Type

Subscription Service

 

Number of Copies of Licensed Material

One (1) production environment.

 

Subscription Term

48 Months

 

Subscription Fee/Month

$4,217/month

 

User Counts

Contract Administrator: 4
Contract Contributor: 23
Contract Consumer: 64

 

Invoicing and Payment Terms

Subscription Services will be invoiced quarterly beginning upon license date.
Payment terms are Net 30 days.

 

Additional Users

Additional users can be added as needed in the future for the prices below.
Matrix Enterprise Matrix Fast Track

$95/mo. Contract Administrator $43/mo. Contract Administrator
$13/mo. Contract Contributor $13/mo. Contract Contributor
$8/mo. Contract Consumer $8/mo. Contract Consumer

 

Additional CLM Matrix Functionality
(Identify optional functionality requested
below. Additional fees may apply.)

QO - Report Center

0 - BI Graphical Report Wizard

0 - Legacy Metadata Migration Wizard
O—Legacy Document Migration Wizard
0 - Multi-Language Wizard

0 - Web Service Integration Wizard

Report Center - Price included with CLM Matrix Subscription Services.
Professional services required installation, testing and configuration.
BI Graphical Report Wizard - $225/mo.

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Legacy Metadata Migration Wizard — $200/mo.

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Legacy Document Migration Wizard - $200/mo.

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Multi-Language Wizard - $250/mo.

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Web Service Integration Wizard - $250/mo.
Professional services required for installation, set-up and configuration.

 

Training Services

Not included with Subscription Services, priced separately.

 

Annual Software Maintenance

Included

 

Export Control Restrictions

US Only

 

 

To Be Delivered To

 

51 Sleeper Street, Boston, MA 02210

 

 

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010217

Copyright © 2017 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

Page 4 of 4

