
BB natrix

1, AGREEMENT. This Master Consulting Agreement (this “Agreement’) by and
between CPS HR Consulting, a California Joint Powers Authority (“Customer”)
and CLM Matrix, a Texas corporation (‘CLM Matrix") (each, a “Party”, and
collectively, “Parties") is made and entered into when duly executed by both
Parties (the “Effective Date”). CLM Matrix will provide to Customer Consulting
Services (“Services”) in accordance with the terms and conditions stated in this
Agreement and more specifically described in the attached Statement of Work
(‘SOW’).

2. TERM. This Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue through
2 years (the, “Term”) subject to the termination rights herein. At the end of the
Term, any SOW already executed by the parties shall remain in effect and this
Agreement shall continue in effect as to such SOW.

3. TERMINATION. If either party materially breaches a material provision of this
Agreement, the other party may terminate this Agreement upon 30 days' notice
unless the breach is cured within the notice period. Either Party may terminate
this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, upon 30 days’ notice.
Customer shall, upon termination, pay CLM Matrix all unpaid amounts due for
Services completed prior to notice of termination.

4. SOW. All CLM Matrix Services shall be rendered pursuant to the SOW. To
the extent of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of a
SOW and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the terms and conditions
of the SOW will control. Each SOW shall be in writing, signed by both parties,
and refer specifically to this Agreement. Both parties recognize that certain SOW
may require periodic amendments, including adjustments to either party's staffing
and/or fees. If such adjustments are necessary, both parties will use all
commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate such adjustments as they
arise. Any amendments must be in writing and signed by both parties.

5. PROJECT ORGANIZATION. Each Project shall be organized and staffed by
CLM Matrix as set forth in the mutually agreed upon SOW. Both parties
recognize that certain SOW may require periodic adjustments to either party's
staffing and/or fees. If such adjustments are necessary, both parties will use their
best efforts to accommodate such adjustments as they arise. Any adjustments
must be agreed to in writing by both parties.

6. NON DISCLOSURE. Except as otherwise required by law. Customer shall
treat CLM Matrix Proprietary Information (as defined herein) as confidential and
will exercise reasonable care to protect it, using not less than the degree of care
taken by Customer in the protection of its own confidential information. Without
CLM Matrix prior written permission, Proprietary Information will not be (i)
disclosed to anyone, (ii) used for Customer's benefit, or (iii) copied or removed
from Customer's premises. Proprietary Information of CLM Matrix shall mean
and include all software programs belonging to CLM Matrix, its affiliates, its
current and potential customers and corporate partners, acquisitions and
potential acquisitions, and its licensors and licensees, whether in written or on
magnetic media, and all Matrix Software documentation, procedures manuals,
process stencils, process maps , source code, working papers and other
documentation, methodologies reduced to writing, written strategic business
plans or financial information, sales and marketing plans and information
(including, without limitation, any and all business, financial, and contractual
information regarding existing and prospective customers, corporate partners
and acquisitions of CLM Matrix), and information related to the foregoing that has
been reduced to writing. Proprietary Information shal) also include personal and
contact information regarding CLM Matrix employees. Proprietary Information of
CLM Matrix does not include the following: (i) any ideas, innovations, information,
techniques, procedures or methodologies developed by Customer prior to this
engagement with Customer; (ii) any information previously known to Customer
without obligation of confidentiality; (iii) any information that is or becomes
available to or known by persons in the contract lifecycle management industry
through no fault or wrongdoing of Customer; or (iv) any information developed
independently by Customer without reference to Proprietary Information. CLM
Matrix shall treat and shall obligate its personnel to treat, as confidential and
proprietary to Customer, all Proprietary Information of Customer identified by
Customer in writing as confidential or proprietary.

 

©2010 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved.
CLM Matrix Proprietary and Confidential.
Master Consulting Agreement - V0610

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

7. OWNERSHIP. All of the data provided to CLM Matrix by Customer remains the
sole property of Customer and will be safeguarded by CLM Matrix against loss,
disclosure, unauthorized access or alteration under reasonable security
procedures, consistent with those generally employed by other consulting
organizations. Customer acknowledges that CLM Matrix shall have exclusive
ownership of all work product, documentation, computer programs, source code,
software products, reports, or other work product reduced to written, magnetic, or
other tangible form (“Work Product’) that are developed, discovered, conceived,
or introduced by CLM Matrix in the course of providing services under this
Agreement. Customer hereby assigns to CLM Matrix, without further
consideration, sole right, title and interest (including, without limitation, all
copyright rights) in and to all programming, code, documentation and other
written product, methodologies, processes, training materials, inventions,
software, ideas and other information and Work Product developed or generated
by or on behalf of CLM Matrix during the course of its and any of its
subcontractors’ performance under this Agreement, including any and all patents,
copyrights, trade secrets and other proprietary rights related thereto. Customer
agrees to execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, all
documents and instruments requested by CLM Matrix to evidence the foregoing
assignment.

8. COMPENSATION. Professional fees shall be paid on an hourly rate basis,
unless specified differently in a SOW. Rates for hourly professional fees will be
specified in the applicable SOW. Professional fees on fixed-fee SOW shall be
paid as described in the SOW.

9. REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES. In addition to, and distinct from, professional
fees as described above, Customer will also reimburse CLM Matrix for all pre-
approved and reasonable out-of-pocket travel and project expenses. Additional
detail on reimbursable expenses will be included in the SOW. CLM Matrix will
use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize reimbursable expenses. CLM
Matrix will submit invoices with sufficient documentation and unless other
provisions are included in the SOW, Customer shall pay CLM Matrix for its pre-
approved reasonable out-of-pocket expenses on a net 30 days basis following
submission of an adequate accounting for such expenses in accordance with
Customer policies from time to time in effect.

10. CLM MATRIX PERSONNEL. It is expressly understood that personnel
provided by CLM Matrix for the purpose of performing services under this
Agreement are the employees or subcontractors of CLM Matrix and under no
circumstances will be considered employees of Customer. CLM Matrix will be
responsible for any and all applicable payroll and employment taxes and
employee insurance, and Customer will have no liability therefore. Upon the
request of Customer and for good cause, CLM Matrix shall immediately remove
from the project any CLM Matrix personnel. CLM Matrix shall thereafter have a
reasonable time to replace such person so removed. Services performed under
the terms of this Agreement will be performed virtually and/or at locations
stipulated in the SOW

11. NO-HIRE AGREEMENT. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
during the SOW Term and for a period of 12 months after the expiration or
termination of this SOW (the “Restricted Period”), Customer shall not, and shall
not authorize or permit any other person or entity to, directly or indirectly,
knowingly solicit or attempt to solicit, hire or engage any person who is an
employee, independent contractor, representative or agent of CLM Matrix or its
affiliates (collectively, the “Covered Individuals”) and who provided Services
hereunder.

12. WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. CLM Matrix warrants that
the Project will be performed in a workmanlike and professional manner
consistent with the level of care and skill ordinarily exercised by providers of
services providing similar services under similar conditions. CLM Matrix warrants
that all candidates are experienced and fully qualified to engage in the activities
and perform the services required under this Agreement, and that all applicable
licensing and operating requirements imposed or required under federal, state or
county law, and all applicable accreditation and other standards of quality
generally accepted in the field of the activities of such candidates are complied

BB natrix

and satisfied. In the event that CLM Matrix breaches this warranty, Customer
shall notify CLM Matrix in writing and shall specifically describe the deficiency.
CLM Matrix agrees to promptly re-perform such Services that failed to meet this
standard of care. If the Services as re-performed continue to fail to meet this
standard of care, CLM Matrix and Customer shall mutually determine whether
additional attempts at re-performance will be made or whether CLM Matrix shall
refund to Customer the entire amount invoiced by CLM Matrix and paid by
Customer for the deficient Services. Customer must make any claim for breach
of this warranty by written notice to CLM Matrix within thirty (30) days of
performance or re-performance of such Services. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY
SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, CLM MATRIX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS
ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND OR
NATURE WITH RESPECT TO THE CLM MATRIX PERSONNEL PROVIDED,
SERVICES PERFORMED OR DELIVERABLES DELIVERED UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A_ PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE OR OTHERWISE.
EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO A PARTY'S INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT RELATED TO THIRD PARTY CLAIMS, EACH PARTY'S
TOTAL LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES (REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF
ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE) WILL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE
AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF THE FIRST YEAR'S ACTUAL FEES PAID TO CLM
MATRIX UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL,
SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY OR
ANY OTHER PARTY EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE TYPE OF CLAIM OR THE NATURE OF
THE CAUSE OF ACTION.

13. INDEMNIFICATION. CLM Matrix and Customer shall each indemnify,
defend, and hold harmless the other (and its respective, officers, directors,
employees and agents) on a current basis from and against any third-party
claims for loss, damage, expense (including attorneys’ fees) liability, and claims
for death or personal injury or physical damage to property caused by the
indemnifying party, its employees, agents, or subcontractors. Each party shall
promptly, and in writing, notify the other party of any such claim made against it
by any third party, and shall take action as may be necessary to avoid default or
other adverse consequences until such time as the otner party has a reasonable
opportunity to assume the defense of the claim. The party obligated to defend
under this Section shall have the right to select counsel and to control such

 

©2010 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved.
CLM Matrix Proprietary and Confidential.
Master Consulting Agreement - V0610

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

defense. The other party and its personnel shall cooperate and participate as
required for such defense.

16. NOTICES. Notices must be in writing and are deemed delivered when
personally delivered or received by fax, email, overnight courier, or certified mail
return receipt requested, at the location below (or such location a Party designates
by written notice to the other Parties): (a) If to CLM Matrix, to CLM Matrix, Attn:
Legal, 4808 Forest Hill Drive, Suite 2G, Flower Mound, TX 75028, t/800-961-6534,
e/admin@clmmatrix.com, and (b) if to Customer, David Powell, (t) 916.471.3107 (f)
916.561.8498 (e) doowell@cps.ca.gov

17. ADDITIONAL TERMS. This Agreement, including any attachments or
amendments, sets forth the full and complete agreement of the parties, and both
parties warrant that there have been no other promises, obligations, or
undertakings, oral or written. This Agreement can be modified only by a written
document signed by both parties. The captions and headings throughout this
Agreement are for convenience and reference only, and do not affect the
meaning or intent of this Agreement. If any section or clause contained in this
Agreement is found to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the
remaining sections and clauses shall remain in full force and effect. Neither party
shall be responsible for any delay or failure in performance, at any time during
the term of this Agreement, caused by flood, riot, insurrection, fire, earthquake,
strike, explosion, war, act of God, or any other force or cause beyond the control
of the party claiming the prctection of this section. This Agreement shall be
interpreted and applied in accordance with the substantive law of the State of
Texas, and without regard to any choice of law provisions that would cause the
law of another state to control. The parties agree that any cause of action
relating to this Agreement shall be brought in a state or federal court located in
Denton County, Texas. The following provisions of this Agreement shall survive
its termination: Bilateral No-Hire Agreement, Non Disclosure, Ownership,
Warranty and Limitation of Liability, Indemnification, and Choice of Law and
Venue. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each
of which will be deemed to be an original, and all of which together will constitute
one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be executed by electronic
transmission, and an electronically transmitted signature will be treated like an
original signature.

18. AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES.

 

 

CPS HR Consulting: ss sonmeay, CLM Matrix:
Namez™acdonalc: hoppecps.ca.gov ~ Name:
Printed: Sandy MacDonald-Hopp Printed:

Title:__Director of Finance Title:
Date:_ April 23, 2012 Date:_B. Spark

 

 

 

BB natrix

 

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

SOW #CPS-HR Consulting-1

This SOW ("SOW") is attached to the Master Consulting Agreement dated April
23", 2012 by and between CLM Matrix and Customer and incorporated therein for
all purposes as of the date this SOW is executed by both Parties (“SOW Effective
Date’). In addition to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the following
terms and conditions apply with respect to the services described on this SOW.
All terms not defined herein have the same meanings as set forth in the
Agreement.

1, AGREEMENT. For adequate consideration, this Statement of Work (‘SOW’) is
made effective April 23rd (the “Effective Date’), by and between CLM Matrix (“CLM
Matrix") and CPS HR Consulting (‘Customer’), a CA Joint Powers Authority (each,
a “Party”, collectively, “Parties”). Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, including the payment of all fees and expenses, Customer agrees to
purchase the services described herein and signed by both Parties (‘Services’) at
the pricing set forth herein. All such Services are subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement. Except as may be expressly set forth in an Exhibit, Customer
shall retain responsibility for all other services, operations, systems and personnel
necessary for the operation of Customer's information technology systems
Customer may request services to be provided by CLM Matrix under the
applicable SOW that are outside the scope of the Services described herein (the
“Additional Services’). CLM Matrix shall provide the Additional Services, subject
to the Parties executing a Project Change Request (a “PCR") describing the terms
and fees associated with such Additional Services, and any such PCR shall be
attached to the applicable SOW.

2. TERM AND TERMINATION. The initial term begins upon the Effective Date and
continues through completion of the services (‘Term’). The Term is subject to
termination rights herein. If a Party (a) fails to perform a material term of this
Agreement and such failure is not cured within 30 days or such other time period
agreed in writing by the Parties) following receipt of a written default notice from the
other Party reasonably specifying the nature of the default; or (b) a Party becomes
the subject of a voluntary proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership, liquidation,
bankruptcy or composition for the benefit of creditors and such petition or proceeding
is not dismissed within 60 days of filing, the other Party may terminate the affected
SOW(s) for cause by giving written notice to the defaulting Party. This Agreement will
continue in effect with respect to all other SOW that are not the subject of such
default. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the cure period for failure of Customer to pay
amounts due under this Agreement is 10 days. CLM Matrix may terminate this
Agreement for convenience upon 30 days prior written notice to Customer.

Customer is liable for any unpaid fees and expenses associated for the terminated
SOW(s) incurred up to the time of termination. In the event of cancellation by
Customer solely for convenience CLM Matrix will be paid a cancellation fee of
$10,000 plus undisputed billable hours and expenses at the time of cancellation.

3. COMPENSATION. Unless otherwise specified in an Exhibit, invoices shall be
sent to: David Powell (dpowell@cps.ca.gov) Consulting Services shall be billed on a
time and materials basis. Customer shall pay to CLM Matrix, as compensation for
the services to be rendered, the sum of $200 per hour for hours actually worked.
Services and expenses will be billed monthly and are due and payable 30 days
following the invoice date. Unless otherwise specified in an Exhibit, Customer will
reimburse CLM Matrix for all pre-approved out-of-pocket expenses reasonably
incurred in rendering Services to Customer. Expenses may include, but are not
limited to, travel and transportation expenses, lodging and meals, and the cost of any
shipping, communications charges, telephone calls, printing of process charts at
$8.50 sq. ft. and other related expenses subject to Customer's corporate travel
expense reimbursement policies, a copy of which will be provided to CLM Matrix
(CLM Matrix shall use its best efforts to minimize expenses for a project). Late fees
on undisputed invoices shall be incurred and paid according to California
Government Code Section 926.10. Quoted fees and expenses do not include sales

©2010 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved.
CLM Matrix Proprietary and Confidential.
Master Consulting Agreement - V0610

or use type taxes, value added tax ("VAT") and similar taxes (including similar foreign
taxes) (collectively, ‘Taxes”). CLM Matrix will invoice Customer for Taxes applicable
to the fees and expenses, if any, and Customer shall pay such Taxes within 30 days
of the applicable invoice date. CLM Matrix will remit any and all Taxes paid by
Customer to the appropriate taxing authority. Purchases by Customer shall be tax
exempt to the extent allowable pursuant to applicable law provided Customer
provides a valid tax exemption certificate to CLM Matrix prior to such purchase.
Customer will promptly notify CLM Matrix of any material change in Customer's tax
exempt status. Each monthly invoice shall include a list of each hourly rate SOW
worked on and, for each such SOW, a list of the personnel performing services,
the job classifications, the hourly rate charged for each, a summary of the services
performed and a description of expenses. CLM Matrix shall maintain time records
for all Consultant personnel assigned to the Project that shall indicate the name of
the individual, job title, date, number of hours worked, and the task worked on.
Such records shall be made available by CLM Matrix upon the request of
Customer. Customer shall pay CLM Matrix all undisputed invoices presented
Consultant under this Agreement within thirty (30) days of the receipt of such
invoices.

4, NON-DISCLOSURE.

(a) Except as otherwise required by law, the Party to whom disclosure is made
(‘Recipient’) shall not, and shall cause each of its directors, officers,
employees, agents and representatives (collectively, Representatives’) not to,
(i) disclose the Confidential Information (defined below) to any person or entity
other than Representatives of Recipient that need to know the Confidential
Information for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement; or (ii) use the
Confidential Information for any purpose other than the purposes contemplated
by this Agreement. The Party disclosing the Confidential Information
(‘Discloser’) shall take reasonable steps to prevent unauthorized use, copying
and disclosure of the Confidential Information by such persons, including the
use of appropriate written confidentiality agreements.

(b) Promptly upon the written request of Discloser, Recipient shall, and shall cause
its Representatives to, return to Discloser or destroy all Confidential Information.

(c) “Confidential Information" means (i) a Party's trade secrets, inventions,
passwords, ideas, processes, formulas, data, works of authorship, know-how,
improvements, discoveries, development, new products, business plans,
business processes and procedures, budgets, unpublished financial statements
and financial projections, pricing and cost information, fees, suppliers,
customers and customer prospects; (ii) the Services; and (iii) all other
information of competitive or commercial value, or otherwise of a confidential or
proprietary nature disclosed by Discloser to Recipient in connection with this
Agreement that Discloser has designated confidential or a reasonable person
would recognize as confidential or proprietary in nature. Confidential
Information excludes information that becomes generally publicly available other
than as a result of disclosure by Recipient or any of its Representatives,
becomes available to Recipient on a non confidential basis from a third-party
that is not bound by a similar duty of confidentiality or is independently
developed by Recipient without use or reference to Discloser’s Confidential
Information.

(d) Recipient may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by law,
but shall provide Discloser prompt notice to allow Discloser an opportunity to
seek a protective order or other relief.

5, PROJECT ORGANIZATION. Prior to project start, Customer shall assign a full
time CLM Program Manager “Program Manager’), who shall be responsible for
managing the Customer's project performance of its obligations under the terms of
the applicable SOW. In addition, this person will act as Matrix Software
Administrator (‘Administrator’) responsible for assisting in the definition of the

BB natrix

contract process workflow, configuration of the software and acting as first and
second level of support for the Matrix Software. CLM Matrix shall designate an
employee of sufficient management rank as Customer Project Manager (“Project
Manager’), who shall represent CLM Matrix and have responsibility for ensuring
that Customer performs its obligations under this Agreement and the SOW. The
Program Manager and CLM Matrix Project Manager will hold joint responsibility for
planning status meetings and will discuss issues as they arise. Formal telephone
or personal meetings between the Project Manager and CLM Matrix Project
Manager will be scheduled as deemed appropriate.

 

6. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES. CLM Matrix shall, upon request of Customer,
perform the following tasks (i.e., the assistance to be rendered and/or the services
to be performed, and/or resources to be provided, and/or applicable deliverables,
and/or obligations to be discharged by CLM Matrix):

Consulting Services shall include the following deliverables:

e Installation of Matrix Software

e — Requirements Definition including Contract Process Map with applicable
phases, steps, tasks, rules, policies, notifications and alerts

e — Configuration of Matrix Software system to appraved Contract Process Map

e Initial testing and validation of system configuration

« — System deployment to production environment

Consulting Services not included as deliverables are Initial Rollout Support and

Post Deployment Support. Customer is responsible for licensing all necessary

third-party software.

©2010 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved.
CLM Matrix Proprietary and Confidential.
Master Consulting Agreement - V0610

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Description Unit Quantity Price
A. Matrix Software License Each 1 $22,642
B. Annual Software Maintenance Each 1 $4,528
C. Matrix Software Installation Each 1 $1,750
D. CLM Consulting Services $200/hr. 140 hrs $28,000
est.

Optional:

E. 2-Day CLM Coordinator Training Each 0 $ 3,200
F. Train the Trainer Each 0 $ 3,200
G. UAT/End User Support Day 0 $1,600

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The following additional information may be included in the Service Description of
this SOW, as appropriate: (i) for fixed-fee SOW, a list of tasks to be completed, a
set of milestones specifying the date by which each portion of the work specified in
the SOW will be completed, payment schedule, and acceptance criteria; (ii) for
SOW involving computer program development, a functional specification, an
operational narrative and matrix of conditions to be tested; and (iii) for SOW that
include deliverables, the testing procedures and/or acceptance criteria, if any, to
be applied to the deliverable(s).

7. AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES.

 

 

  
 
 

 

CPS HR Consultin _. CLM Matrix.:

Name scons hore Name: _—. _Digitaly signed ty Tenothy
Printed: Sandy MacDonald-Hopp Printed: L irMothy or

Title: _ Director of Finance Title:

Date: April 23, 2012 Date:

 

