
® natrix

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

SOW # 1

This SOW ("SOW") is attached to the Master Consulting Agreement dated ___,
2014 by and between CLM Matrix and Customer and incorporated therein for all
purposes as of the date this SOW is executed by both Parties (“SOW Effective
Date’). In addition to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the following
terms and conditions apply with respect to the services described on this SOW.
All terms not defined herein have the same meanings as set forth in the
Agreement.

4. AGREEMENT. For adequate consideration, this Statement of Work ("SOW") is
made effective (the “Effective Date’), by and between CLM Matrix (“CLM
Matrix") and COPERA (‘Customer’), a Colorado corporation (each, a “Party”,
collectively, “Parties’). Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
including the payment of all fees and expenses, Customer agrees to purchase the
services described herein and signed by both Parties (‘Services’) at the pricing set
forth herein. All such Services are subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. Except as may be expressly set forth in an Exhibit, Customer shall
retain responsibility for all other services, operations, systems and personnel
necessary for the operation of Customer's information technology systems.
Customer may request services to be provided by CLM Matrix under the
applicable SOW that are outside the scope of the Services described herein (the
“Additional Services"). CLM Matrix shall provide the Additional Services, subject
to the Parties executing a Project Change Request (a “PCR’) describing the terms
and fees associated with such Additional Services, and any such PCR shall be
attached to the applicable SOW.

 

2. TERM AND TERMINATION. The initial term begins upon the Effective Date and
continues through completion of the services (‘Term’). The Term is subject to
termination rights herein. If a Party (a) fails to perform a material term of this SOW
and such failure is not cured within thirty (30) days (or such other time period agreed
in writing by the Parties) following receipt of a written defauit notice from the other
Party reasonably specifying the nature of the default; or (b) a Party becomes the
subject of a voluntary proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership, liquidation,
bankruptcy or composition for the benefit of creditors and such petition or proceeding
is not dismissed within sixty (60) days of filing, the other Party may terminate the
affected SOW(s) for cause by giving written notice to the defaulting Party. This
Agreement will continue in effect with respect to all other SOW that are not the
subject of such default. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the cure period for failure of
Customer to pay amounts due under this Agreement is 10 days. CLM Matrix may
terminate this Agreement for convenience upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to
Customer. Customer is liable for any unpaid fees and expenses associated for the
terminated SOW(s) incurred up to the time of termination.

3. COMPENSATION. Unless otherwise specified in an Exhibit, invoices shall be
sent to: d . Consulting Services shall be billed on a time and
materials basis. Customer shall pay to CLM Matrix, as compensation for the
services to be rendered, the sum of $225 per hour for hours actually worked
Services and expenses will be billed monthly and are due and payable thirty (30)
days following the invoice date. Unless otherwise specified in an Exhibit, Customer
will reimburse CLM Matrix for all pre-approved, undisputed out-of-pocket expenses
reasonably incurred in rendering Services to Customer. Expenses may include, but
are not limited to, travel and transportation expenses, lodging and meals, and the
cost of any shipping, communications charges, telephone calls, printing of process
charts at $8.50 sq. ft. and other related expenses subject to Customer's corporate
travel expense reimbursement policies, a copy of which will be provided to CLM
Matrix. CLM Matrix shall use its best efforts to minimize expenses for a project. If
not otherwise specified in the applicable Exhibit Customer shall incur a late fee on
fees and expenses not paid to CLM Matrix as provided in this Agreement at the
lesser of the maximum amount chargeable by law or 1.5% per month. Customer
shall pay all reasonable expenses incurred by CLM Matrix in enforcing any collection

©2015 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved.
M Matrix Proprietary a fidentia
Master Consulting Agreement - v0315

of fees or other rights under this Agreement including all expenses of any legal
proceeding related thereto (including reasonable attorney fees). Quoted fees and
expenses do not include sales or use type taxes, value added tax ("VAT") and similar
taxes (including similar foreign taxes) (collectively, “Taxes"). CLM Matrix will invoice
Customer for Taxes applicable to the fees and expenses, if any, and Customer shall
pay such Taxes within thirty (30) days of the applicable invoice date. CLM Matrix will
temit any and all Taxes paid by Customer to the appropriate taxing authority.
Purchases by Customer shall be tax exempt to the extent allowable pursuant to
applicable law provided Customer provides a valid tax exemption certificate to CLM
Matrix prior to such purchase. Customer will promptly notify CLM Matrix of any
material change in Customer's tax exempt status. Each monthly invoice shall
include a list of each hourly rate SOW worked on and, for each such SOW, a list of
the personnel performing services, the job classifications, the hourly rate charged
for each and a description of expenses. CLM Matrix shall maintain time records
for all Consultant personnel assigned to the Project that shall indicate the name of
the individual, job title, date, number of hours worked, and the task worked on
Such records shall be made available by CLM Matrix upon the request of
Customer. Customer shall pay CLM Matrix all undisputed invoices presented
Consultant under this Agreement within thirty (30) days of the receipt of such
invoices.

4, NON-DISCLOSURE.

(a) Except as otherwise required by law, the Party to whom disclosure is made
(‘Recipient’) shall not, and shall cause each of its directors, officers,
employees, agents and representatives (collectively, “Representatives’) not to,
(i) disclose the Confidential Information (defined below) to any person or entity
other than Representatives of Recipient that need to know the Confidential
Information for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement; or (ii) use the
Confidential Information for any purpose other than the purposes contemplated
by this Agreement. The Party disclosing the Confidential Information
(‘Discloser’) shall take reasonable steps to prevent unauthorized use, copying
and disclosure of the Confidential Information by such persons, including the
use of appropriate written confidentiality agreements.

(b) Promptly upon the written request of Discloser, Recipient shall, and shall cause
its Representatives to, return to Discloser or destroy all Confidential Information

(c) ‘Confidential Information’ means (i) a Party's trade secrets, inventions,
passwords, ideas, processes, formulas, data, works of authorship, know-how,
improvements, discoveries, development, new products, business plans,
business processes and procedures, budgets, unpublished financial statements
and financial projections, pricing and cost information, fees, suppliers,
customers and customer prospects; (ii) the Services; and (iii) all other
information of competitive or commercial value, or otherwise of a confidential or
proprietary nature disclosed by Discloser to Recipient in connection with this
Agreement that Discloser has designated confidential or a reasonable person
would recognize as confidential or proprietary in nature. Confidential
Information excludes information that becomes generally publicly available other
than as a result of disclosure by Recipient or any of its Representatives,
becomes available to Recipient on a non-confidential basis from a third-party
that is not bound by a similar duty of confidentiality or is independently
developed by Recipient without use or reference to Discloser’s Confidential
Information.

(d) Recipient may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by law,
but shall provide Discloser prompt notice to allow Discloser an opportunity to
seek a protective order or other relief.

5. PROJECT ORGANIZATION. Prior to project start, Customer shall assign a full
time CLM Program Manager “Program Manager’), who shall be responsible for
managing the Customer's project performance of its obligations under the terms of

HB matrix

the applicable SOW. In addition, this person will act as Matrix Software
Administrator ("Administrator’) responsible for assisting in the definition of the
contract process workflow, configuration of the software and acting as first and
second level of support for the Matrix Software. Customer is required to have at
least one person on staff who has completed the Matrix Administrative
Certification prior to GoLive. CLM Matrix shall designate an employee of sufficient
management rank as Customer Project Manager (“Project Manager’), who shall
represent CLM Matrix and have responsibility for ensuring that CLM Matrix
performs its obligations under this SOW. The Program Manager and CLM Matrix
Project Manager will hold joint responsibility for planning status meetings and will
discuss issues as they arise. Formal telephone or personal meetings between the
Project Manager and CLM Matrix Project Manager will be scheduled as deemed
appropriate by the parties.

6. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES. CLM Matrix shall, upon request of Customer,
perform the following tasks (i.e., the assistance to be rendered and/or the services
to be performed, and/or resources to be provided, and/or applicable deliverables,
and/or obligations to be discharged by CLM Matrix):

Consulting Services shall include the following deliverables:

© Installation of Matrix Software

« — Requirements Definition document created including CLM Process Blueprint
with applicable workflow phases, steps, tasks, rules, policies, notifications
and alerts as requested by Customer.

¢ Configuration of Matrix Software system to approved Contract Process
Blueprint

© Initial testing and validation of system configuration

e System deployment to production environment

Consulting Services not included as deliverables are Initial Rollout Support and

Post Deployment Support. Customer is responsible for licensing all necessary

third-party software.

©2015 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved.
M Matrix F Confidentia
Master Consulting Agreement - v0315

oprietary and

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Description Unit Quantity Price

A. Matrix Software Installation Each 1 $1,750
B. CLM Consulting Services $225/hr. 100-125 $0
Required:
C. Matrix Enterprise Administrative | $3,600/p/p 0 $0
Certification ($1,000 each additional

|person)_
D. Matrix Fast Track Administrative | $3,600/p/p 1 $3,600
Certification ($800 each additional person)
E. Matrix Train-the-Trainer $4,000/p/p 0 $0
Certification ($800 each additional person)
Optional:
F. Administrative Training $850 p/p/ 0 $0
Sessions 1-7 session
($600 each additional person/same session)
G. Administrative Training $750 p/p/ 0 $0
Sessions 8-11 session
H. UAT/End User Support $1,600/day 0 $0

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Matrix Software Installation fixed fee of $1,750 assumes a dedicated server
installation per CLM Matrix Installation Instructions and Matrix Technical
Prerequisites. Matrix installations performed on a customer's existing SharePoint
farm that do not follow CLM Matrix installation instructions and require additional
support time over and above the 8 hours allocated will be on a time and materials
basis at the negotiated rate for professional services.

7. AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES.
Customer: _.

Timothy 222 stor

Timothy 8. Sparks

CLM Matrix:B, Sparks "370 osus"

 

 

 

Name: On aS Name: Zine

Printed: _Ron Baker Printed: _Timot fy B. Sparks
Title: _Interim Executive Director Title:__CEO

Date: _July 18.2018 Date: _July 26, 2018

 

