
BB matrix

CLM Matrix
Software License Agreement (SLA)

IPC The Hospitalist Company, Inc. (“Licensee”) have licensed software (“Licensed Software”) or acquired a device
(“Hardware”) incorporating software developed by CLM Matrix (“CLM Matrix”). These products, as well as associated
media, printed materials and “online” or electronic documentation are protected by international intellectual property
laws and treaties. The Licensed Software is licensed, not sold. All rights reserved.

If you have employed/contracted a third party (“Third-Party Services Provider”) and/or individual to install and configure
the Hardware and/or Licensed Software, then you hereby authorize the Third-Party Services Provider to accept this SLA
on your behalf. Such acceptance occurs upon the installation and/or configuration of the Hardware and/or Licensed

Software.

INTERPRETATION

In this SLA, except where the context otherwise requires, the
following words and phrases shall have the following
meanings:

"Agreement" this SLA together with any Purchase Order or
other order form that specifies the prices for and use of the
Hardware and the Licensed Software.

“CLM Matrix Configuration Center’ that part of the
“Licensed Software” which is installed on computers and
which is used to configure the “Licensed Software” residing
upon the “Hardware.”

“CLM Matrix Technology" one unit of the Hardware and/or
the Licensed Software which may be sold as a single product
unit.

“Documentation” any documentation supplied to Licensee
by CLM Matrix from time to time during the term of this SLA
and which relates to the Hardware or Licensed Software.

“Intellectual Property Rights" patents, trademarks, service
marks, registered designs and applications for any of the
foregoing, copyright, know-how confidential information,
trade or business names, design rights and any other similar
rights protected in any country.

"Object Code" the directly executable computer software
program in binary code derived from Source Code using a
compiler or otherwise.

"Source Code" all material necessary to enable a
programmer of reasonable skill and experience to maintain
and enhance software, including but not limited to, logic,
logic diagrams, flow charts, orthographic representations,
algorithms, routines, sub-routines, utilities, modules, file
structures, coding sheets, specifications and the program
instructions.

1. LICENSE

1.1 License Grant. CLM Matrix hereby grants to Licensee a
perpetual, non-transferable, non-exclusive limited license to
install and use the Licensed Software in object code form

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 021512
Copyright © 2012 CLM Matrix. Ail rights reserved

provided you comply with all the terms and conditions as set
forth in this Agreement. CLM Matrix reserves all other
rights. Use of the Licensed Software is solely for Licensee's
internal business purposes at a site owned or leased by
Licensee and specified on the Schedule of the Software
License Agreement. (each “Site”). Documentation may be
copied and used at a Site as reasonably necessary in
connection with Licensee’s authorized use of the respective
CLM Matrix Technology.

1.2 License Scope. This Agreement only gives you some
rights to use the Licensed Software. CLM Matrix reserves all
other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights
despite this limitation, you may use the Licensed Software
only as expressly permitted in this Agreement. In doing so,
you must comply with any technical limitations in the
Licensed Software that only allow you to use it in certain
ways.

1.3 Third-Party Software. Licensee is responsible for any
additional third-party software licenses that may be required
including but not limited to: Microsoft Office, SharePoint
Server, SQL Server, Windows Server.

1.4 License Restrictions. Licensee may not: (a) modify,
adapt, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, any CLM
Matrix Technology; (b) create derivative works based on any
CLM Matrix Technology; (c) make copies of any CLM Matrix
Technology, except for one copy of the machine readable
code of the Licensed Software for a pre-production
environment and one copy solely for backup or archival
purpose; (d) allow any third party (excluding independent
contractors of Licensee on a need to know basis) to use or
have access to any CLM Matrix Technology or
Documentation; (e) transfer, convey, CLM Matrix
Technology to any other location not specified in this
Agreement, or license or sublicense to any third party, any
CLM Matrix Technology or Documentation, or any part
thereof; (f) use any CLM Matrix Technology to perform Value
Added Services (as defined below) without prior written
permission from CLM Matrix. Any copy of any CLM Matrix
Technology or Documentation made by Licensee, including

Page 1 of 8

any partial copy, is the property of CLM Matrix. Licensee will
include on each such copy all copyright, trademark and
other proprietary rights notices included by CLM Matrix on
the originals. As used in this Agreement, “Value Added
Services” means using the CLM Matrix Technology in
connection with providing consulting or commercial hosting
or other similar services to any third party .

1.5 Licensee may only use the “CLM Matrix Configuration
Center” to modify the CLM Matrix Technology.

2. PROPERTY RIGHTS

2.1 Ownership. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that: (a)
the Licensed Software and Documentation are the property
of CLM Matrix or its licensors, and not Licensee, and
(b) Licensee will use the CLM Matrix Technology and
Documentation only under the terms and conditions
described herein.

2.2 No Publication. The grant of the licenses hereunder and
the carrying out of the transactions contemplated hereby
shall not be deemed publication by either party of all or any
portion of the CLM Matrix Technology.

2.3 Confidentiality. Licensee acknowledges that the CLM
Matrix Technology and Documentation contain valuable
proprietary information and trade secrets of CLM Matrix and
that it shall take reasonable measures to protect the secrecy
of, and avoid disclosure and unauthorized use of, the CLM
Matrix Technology and Documentation. Without limiting
the foregoing, Licensee agrees: (a) to take with respect to
the CLM Matrix Technology and Documentation at least
those measures that it takes to protect its own confidential
information; and (b) that the CLM Matrix Technology and
Documentation may not be disclosed, reproduced,
summarized, distributed or used except as necessary to
exercise the license granted hereunder.

2.4 Trademarks.

(a) Licensee acknowledges CLM Matrix ownership of
the trademark "CLM Matrix" the CLM Matrix Technology
names, and all related trademarks and service marks.
Licensee further acknowledges that it will acquire no interest
in such trademarks and service marks by virtue of this
Agreement or the performance by Licensee of its duties and
obligations under this Agreement. Licensee agrees not to
use the name "CLM Matrix" or any of the CLM Matrix
Technology names or marks (or any confusingly similar name
or symbol), in whole or in part, as part of Licensee's business
or trade name.

(b) CLM Matrix grants to Licensee the non-exclusive,
limited right to use the CLM Matrix Technology names and
marks solely in connection with the license, granted to
Licensee under this Agreement. CLM Matrix makes no
warranty, express or implied, to Licensee concerning the use
or validity of such names and marks.

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 021512
Copyright © 2012 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved.

BB matrix

(c) Upon termination of this Agreement, Licensee
agrees not to use CLM Matrix proprietary names and marks
or any names or marks similar in sound or appearance.

3. TERM AND TERMINATION

3.1 Term. This Agreement shall commence on the date last
signed by either party (“Effective Date”)and shall remain in
effect unless terminated as provided herein. Termination of
this Agreement, unless terminated for cause under
Subsection 3.2 below, shall not affect any perpetual licenses.
Such perpetual licenses shall continue in effect and the
terms and conditions contained in Subsection 3.3, Survival of
Obligations, shall govern such CLM Matrix Technology and
Documentation.

3.2 Termination for Cause. This Agreement shall terminate
immediately if Licensee attempts to reverse engineer the
CLM Matrix Technology. Otherwise, this Agreement may be
terminated by either party for a breach of any of its material
terms, provided the non-breaching party provides to the
breaching party 30 days written notice describing such
breach and offering the breaching party an opportunity to
cure. Failure to cure a material breach within the notice
period shall result in automatic termination of this
Agreement.

3.3 Survival of Obligations. The obligations of the parties
under this Agreement, which by their nature would continue
beyond the termination, cancellation or expiration of this
Agreement, shall survive termination, cancellation or
expiration of this Agreement.

3.4 Effect_of Termination. Upon the termination of this
Agreement:

(a) All fees incurred by Licensee as of the date of
termination will be immediately due and payable to CLM
Matrix, provided that the Agreement has not been
terminated for cause by Licensee arising from the material
default of CLM Matrix;

(b) All rights and licenses granted by CLM Matrix to
Licensee under this Agreement will terminate;

(c) Licensee must immediately cease use of the CLM
Matrix Technology, remove the Licensed Software from alt
computers, servers and appliances, and return all copies of
the Licensed Software and Documentation to CLM Matrix,
or, at CLM Matrix option, destroy all copies of the Licensed
Software and Documentation in any form;

(d) Within fifteen (15) business days of such
termination, Licensee must certify to CLM Matrix in writing
that Licensee has complied with Section 3.4(c) above.

4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INDEMNITY

4.1 Indemnity. Subject to the limitations of Sections 4.2 and
6.1, CLM Matrix will defend, at its own expense, any claim,
suit or proceeding brought against Licensee to the extent it

Page 2 of 8

is based upon a claim that any Licensed Software licensed
pursuant to this Agreement infringes upon any patent or any
copyright or trade secret of any third party. Licensee agrees
that it shall promptly notify CLM Matrix in writing of any
such claim or action and give CLM Matrix full information
and assistance in connection therewith. CLM Matrix shall
have the sole right to control the defense of any such claim
or action and the sole right to settle or compromise any such
claim or action. If Licensee complies with the provisions
hereof, CLM Matrix will pay damages, costs and expenses
finally awarded to third parties against Licensee in such
action (except as limited by Sections 4.2 and 6.1). If the CLM
Matrix Technology is, or in CLM Matrix opinion might be,
held to infringe as set forth above, CLM Matrix may, at its
option replace or modify such CLM Matrix Technology so as
to avoid infringement, or procure the right for Licensee to
continue the use of such CLM Matrix Technology. If neither
of such alternatives is, in CLM Matrix opinion, commercially
reasonable, such CLM Matrix Technology shall be returned
to CLM Matrix and CLM Matrix shall refund the License Fee
paid by Licensee to CLM Matrix for such CLM Matrix
Technology.

4.2 Limitations. CLM Matrix will have no liability for, and no
obligation to defend Licensee against, any claim of
infringement to the extent such claim is based on (a) use of a
CLM Matrix Technology outside the scope of this
Agreement; (b) use of a superseded or altered release of a
CLM Matrix Technology if the infringement would have been
avoided by the use of a current unaltered release of the CLM
Matrix Technology, provided that CLM Matrix has provided
customer with the current unaltered release at no additional
cost; (c) the combination, operation, or use of a CLM Matrix
Technology with other software, hardware or other
materials if such infringement would have been avoided by
avoiding the use of the CLM Matrix Technology with such
software, hardware or other materials; (d) any modification
of the CLM Matrix Technology not made by CLM Matrix or
an approved vendor; or (e) Licensee’s use of the CLM Matrix
Technology after CLM Matrix notice that Licensee shall cease
use of the CLM Matrix Technology due to such claim.

4.3 Entire Liability. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY
LAW, THE FOREGOING STATES THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF CLM
MATRIX TO LICENSEE CONCERNING INFRINGEMENT OF
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO PATENT, COPYRIGHT AND TRADE SECRET
RIGHTS.

5. WARRANTY

5.1 Licensed Software Warranty. CLM Matrix warrants that
for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of delivery at
all (the “Warranty Period”), the Licensed Software will
operate substantially in accordance with the applicable
Documentation. CLM Matrix does not warrant that the
functions contained in the CLM Matrix Technology will meet
Licensee’s requirements or that the operation of the CLM

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 021512
Copyright © 2012 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved.

BB matrix

Matrix Technology will be uninterrupted or error free. If,
during the Warranty Period, the Licensed Software does not
operate substantially in accordance with such
Documentation, Licensee may so inform CLM Matrix in
writing and provide to it such information and materials as
CLM Matrix may reasonably request to document and
reproduce such problem and to verify whether any proposed
solution corrects such problem. Such information may
include a written explanation of such problem, a written
description of the operating environment, and (if permitted)
a copy of any software program used with the CLM Matrix
Technology. Following the receipt of such information and
materials, if CLM Matrix determines that the Licensed
Software does not aperate substantially in accordance with
such Documentation, then CLM Matrix will at its election, (a)
modify the CLM Matrix Technology so that it does operate
substantially in accordance with such Documentation, (b)
replace the Licensed Software with other CLM Matrix
products offering substantially similar functionality or, (c) if
{a) or (b) is not commercially feasible, refund the License Fee
paid by Licensee to CLM Matrix for such Licensed Software.
In the event CLM Matrix furnishes a correction or cure
pursuant to clause (a), CLM Matrix shall warrant such
correction or cure for the remainder of the original Warranty
Period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer. This
Warranty shall not apply to Licensed Software that has been
modified, used improperly or on an operating environment
inconsistent with recommendations by CLM Matrix.

5.2 If an implied warranty or condition is created by your
state/jurisdiction and federal or state/provincial law
prohibits disclaimer of it, you also have an implied warranty
or condition, BUT ONLY AS TO DEFECTS DISCOVERED
DURING THE PERIOD OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. AS TO
ANY DEFECTS DISCOVERED AFTER THE NINETY (90) DAY
WARRANTY PERIOD, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR
CONDITION OF ANY KIND. Some states/jurisdictions do not
allow limitations on how long an implied warranty or
condition lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to
you. Any supplements or updates to the Licensed Software,
including without limitation, any (if any) service packs or hot
fixes provided to you after the expiration of the sixty day
limited Warranty Period are not covered by any warranty or
condition, express, implied or statutory.

5.3 Anti-Virus and Disabling Code Warranty. CLM Matrix
warrants that it shall use reasonable technical means, in
accordance with industry standards, to ensure against
computer viruses in the [Licensed Software, or CLM Matrix
Technology]. CLM Matrix further warrants that there are no
time bombs or other undocumented features in any of the
Programs which access and monitor or disable the Program
or System, and the Programs, as delivered by CLM Matrix, do
not contain any virus or computer software code, routines or
devices (other than as set forth in the Documentation)
designed to disable, damage, impair, erase, deactivate,
monitor, or electronically repossess the Programs or other
Page 3 of 8

software or data. (If any viruses or other undocumented
features occur in the [Licensed Software or CLM Matrix
Technology], CLM Matrix shall (a) make the necessary
repairs to remove the viruses or other documented features,
or (b) replace the [Licensed Software or CLM Matrix
Technology] with substantially the same Licensed Software
or CLM Matrix Technology]. If the aforementioned issues
are irreparable and impede the substantial operation of the
License Software, CLM Matrix shail refund the license fee.

5.4 The foregoing is CLM Matrix and its licensors’ entire
liability to Licensee, and Licensee’s exclusive remedy for
defects in any Licensed Software.

5.5 Exclusions. CLM Matrix will have no responsibility,
warranty or other obligations whatsoever with respect to:
(a) the use of CLM Matrix Technology in a manner materially
inconsistent with the respective Documentation or this
Agreement, (b) any CLM Matrix Technology which has been
modified by anyone other than CLM Matrix or an approved
vendor, (c) failure of a CLM Matrix Technology as a result of
negligence, accident, abuse or misapplication, or computer
equipment malfunction.

5.6 Limited Media Warranty. CLM Matrix represents and
warrants that the media, if any, on which the Licensed
Software is furnished will be free from defects in material
and workmanship.

5.7 Licensed Hardware Warranty. CLM Matrix warrants that
during the Warranty Period, the Licensed Hardware (if
applicable) licensed hereunder as part of the CLM Matrix
Technology will operate substantially in accordance with the
respective Documentation, subject to the restrictions of
Clauses 5.2 and 5.3.

5.8 No Other Warranties. Except for the remedies
otherwise stated herein, THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN THIS
SECTION 5 ARE JN LIEU OF ALL LIABILITIES OF CLM MATRIX
FOR DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THE DELIVERY, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE LICENSED
TECHNOLOGY OR DOCUMENTATION. CLM MATRIX
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY
LAW, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH
REGARD TO THE CLM MATRIX TECHNOLOGY OR
DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR ARISING FROM THE COURSE OF DEALING
BETWEEN THE PARTIES OR USAGE OF TRADE. THESE
DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTY AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
CONSTITUTE AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

6.1 EXCEPT FOR CLM MATRIX OBLIGATIONS UNDER
SECTION 5 ABOVE, LICENSEE AGREES THAT CLM MATRIX
LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE
LICENSE FEE PAID BY LICENSEE TO CLM MATRIX FOR THE
PARTICULAR LICENSED TECHNOLOGY INVOLVED. IN NO

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 021512
Copyright © 2012 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved.

BB matrix

EVENT WILL CLM MATRIX BE LIABLE FOR COSTS OF
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES,
LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR ANY OTHER SPECIAL,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF
WHATEVER NATURE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT, THE CLM MATRIX TECHNOLOGY OR THE
DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF CLM MATRIX HAS BEEN
NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE
OF ANY LIMITED WARRANTY.

7. GENERAL

7.1 Notices. All notices under this Agreement shall be sent
to a party at the respective address indicated in the
introductory paragraph hereof, or to such other address as
such party shall have notified the other. All such notices so
addressed shall be deemed duly given (a) upon delivery, if
delivered by courier or by hand (against receipt); or (b) three
days after posting, if sent by certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested.

7.2 Dispute Resolution. If a dispute arises out of this
Agreement, the Parties will try to resolve it promptly by
negotiation between executives. If the dispute has not been
resolved by negotiation within thirty (30) days, the parties
will try to settle the dispute through mediation.

7.3 This Agreement shall be construed and controlled by the
laws of the State of Texas, without reference to conflicts of
law principles.

7.4 Export Controls. Licensee specifically acknowledges that
the CLM Matrix Technology and Documentation may be
subject to United States and other country export control
laws. Licensee shall comply strictly with all requirements of
all applicable export control laws and regulations with
respect to all such software and materials.

7.5 Restricted Rights. If Licensee is an agency, agent, unit,
or instrumentality of the United States Government then
use, duplication or disclosure of the CLM Matrix Technology
is subject to the restrictions set forth in subparagraphs (a)
through (d) of the Commercial Computer-Restricted Rights
clause at FAR 52.227-19 when applicable, or in subparagraph
(c)(I)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer
Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013, or at 252.211-7015,
or to CLM Matrix standard commercial license, as applicable,
and in similar clauses in the NASA FAR Supplement.
Contractor/manufacturer is CLM Matrix, Dallas, Texas.

7.6 Severability. If any provision in this Agreement is found
or held to be invalid or unenforceable, then the meaning of
such provision shall be construed, to the extent feasible, so
as to render the provision enforceable, and if no feasible
interpretation would save such provision, it shall be severed
from the remainder of this Agreement which shalt remain in
full force and effect unless the severed provision is essential
and material to the rights or benefits received by either

Page 4 of 8

party. In such event, the parties shall use their best efforts
to negotiate, in good faith, a substitute, valid and
enforceable provision or agreement that most nearly affects
their intent in entering into this Agreement.

7.7 No Waiver. A waiver of a breach or default under this
Agreement shall not be a waiver of any other breach or
default. Failure of either party to enforce compliance with
any term or condition of this Agreement shail not constitute
a waiver of such term or condition unless accompanied by a
clear written statement that such term or condition is
waived.

7.8 No Assignment. This Agreement and the rights
hereunder are not transferable or assignable without the
prior written consent of the parties hereto.

7.9 Force Majeure. Except for payments due under this
Agreement, neither party will be responsible for any failure
to perform due to causes beyond its reasonable control
(each a "Force Majeure"), including, but not limited to, acts
of God, war, riot, embargoes, acts of civil or military
authorities, denial of or delays in processing of export
license applications, fire, floods, earthquakes, accidents,
strikes, or fuel crises.

7.10 Entire Agreement; Modifications. This Agreement
contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect

to the matters contained herein. Any deviations from or
additions to the terms of this Agreement must be in writing
and will not be valid unless confirmed in writing by duly
authorized officers of CLM Matrix and Licensee.

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 021512
Copyright © 2012 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved.

EB matrix

With its signature below customer acknowledges
agreement with the terms and conditions included in the
Software License Agreement and Schedules A and B.

Agreed:

cum Matrix Fimothy B.  ssbseztonye cn
k oe oot ‘i us

By: Sparks

Printed Name: imothy B Sparks

Date: 2013.05.19 11:17:14-05100
Title: CEO

Date: __5/18/13

  

Printed Name:

ms
Title: Cty

Date: 5/18/13

Page 5 of 8

EB matrix

CLM Matrix SLA
Schedule A

Schedule A is attached to and becomes, upon execution by both parties below, a part of the CLM Matrix Software License Agreement
between such parties and sets forth the specific terms and conditions relating to the Licensed Software listed below:

 

Effective License Date

Date of signature below

 

 

 

Licensed Software Matrix Enterprise v10.3
Software Format Object
Operating Platform Microsoft

 

License Type

Single Production Server

 

Number of Copies of Licensed Material

One (1) Installation for production use only. Customer is also entitled to install the
licensed CLM Matrix software in up to 4 additional non-production environments in
support of the single production environment. Non-production environments can be
any combination of development, test, backup/recovery, etc.

 

License Term

Perpetual

 

License Fee

$100,000

 

User Counts

Contract Administrator: 5
Contract Contributor: 150
Contract Consumer: 25
CRM User: 5

CRM Connector: 0

 

Payment Term

Software license fee and first year software maintenance due prior to software
download and project initiation. Upon receipt of customer payment CLM Matrix will
provide an FTP address with log-in credentials for software download.

 

Additional Users

Additional users can be added as needed in the future for the prices below plus annual
maintenance.

Matrix Enterprise
$1,749/Contract Administrator
$249/Contract Contributor
$149/Contract Consumer $149/Contract Consumer
$49/CRM User $49/CRM User

Matrix Fast Track
$799/Contract Administrator
$249/Contract Contributor

 

Additional Matrix Add-On Components
(Identify optional Add-ons requested below,
additional fees may apply)

0 -—ARX/CoSign Digital Signature

0 - Graphical Reporting

0- Historical Contract Data Migration Wizard

O=- Historical Contract Document Migration Wizard
0 - Multi-Language Wizard

O—MS Dynamics CRM Connector

Q- Report Center

0—-SalesForce CRM Connector

0 - Web Services Wizard

Report Center - Price included with Matrix software license

Professional services required installation, testing and configuration.

Graphical Reporting - Price included with Matrix software license

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Historical Contract Data Migration Wizard — $3,500

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Historical Contract Document Migration Wizard - $3,500

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Multi-Language Wizard - $5,000

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Web Services Wizard - $5,000

Professional services required for installation, set-up and configuration.

 

Training Services

Not included with license, priced separately

 

Acceptance Testing Period

90 days from date of license

 

Initial Annual Maintenance Fee

20% of full license fee ($20,000)

 

Term of Annual Maintenance

Commences upon software license date and annually thereafter.

 

Export Control Restrictions

US Only

 

 

To Be Delivered To

 

IPC The Hospitalist Company, Inc.

 

CLM Matnx Software License Agreement. Rev. 021512

Copyright © 2012 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved.

Page 6 of 8

 

BB matrix

 

4605 Lankershim Blvd., Suite 617
North Hollywood, CA 91602

 

 

Send Invoices To {PC The Hospitalist Company, Inc.
4605 Lankershim Blvd., Suite 617
North Hollywood, CA 91602

 

 

 

CLM Matrix SLA
Schedule B
Software Maintenance and Support

Maintenance Fee:

The annual maintenance fee for the CLM solution covered by this SLA will be 20% of the list price for the software.
Maintenance will be invoiced annually approximately 45 days prior to the expiration of the current term.

Maintenance Coverage:

Under this Maintenance program customers whose annual software maintenance is fully paid will receive, and CLM
Matrix is required to provide in a timely manner, the following product coverage:

a. Access to all new functionality releases for the product licensed typically published as point releases (e.g. v10.x)
Access to all bug fix releases for the product licensed typically published as point releases (e.g. 10.x)

c. Access to all new major releases for the product licensed typically published as with major version number change
(e.g., 10.x.x to 11.x.x)

d. Problem reporting and response times are defined below in the Service Level table below.

Customers who have elected to let lapse their annual software maintenance agreement will be required to become
current with all past due maintenance fees prior to being provided access to newer licensed product software versions
and point releases and/or documentation.

Customer Support Overview:

e 24x7 Web-based support that offers access to software and utility upgrades, documentation,
release notes and technical FAQ

e Email and telephone support

e On-site support services (additional charges apply)

As part of its annual software maintenance agreement, the customer will receive online, email and telephone software
support for the licensed product as defined in the table below. Software support is defined as those issues whose root
cause is CLM Matrix source code related (software bugs, bug fixes, patches, etc.). Issues involving conflicts with third
party software/hardware, system or network related issues, Windows/SharePoint/SQL installation or troubleshooting,
Matrix wizard configuration, Matrix application settings or Matrix software installations post initial installation of the
software are defined as professional services and will be invoiced at the agreed upon professional services hourly rate.

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 021512 Page 7 of 8
Copyright © 2012 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved.

STANDARD SERVICE LEVELS FOR SOFTWARE SUPPORT

Severity Level
A- Critical

B — Serious

C- Important

D- Minor

E-Monitor

HB matrix

 

Definition

First Response

 

Product down

Development down or production impacted but
not down

Important problem that does not have significant
current productivity impact

Minor problem that does not have impact on
current development or productivity

Issues requiring no further action beyond
monitoring for follow-up as needed

Immediate upon email notification

Immediate upon email notification
Within 4 hours or less upon email
notification

Within 6 hours or less

Within 8 hours or less

 

POST IMPLEMENTATION SOFTWARE SUPPORT

 

 

Off-Site Support Software Support Availability Pricing

Online/Email/Telephone/Support 8AM — 5PM CST 3 hrs./month software support included with
Monday - Friday Maintenance Agreement $225/hour thereafter

After hours support As requested $250/hour

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 021512 Page 8 of 8

Copyright © 2012 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved.

