
MASTER PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Master Professional Services Agreement (“Agreement”) is effective as of the date of the later signature below
(“Effective Date”) between QVC, Inc., a Delaware corporation located at 1200 Wilson Drive, West Chester,
Pennsylvania 19380 (“QVC”), and Datacert, Inc., a Delaware corporation located at 3009 Post Oak Blvd., Suite
1100, Houston, TX 77056 (“Consultant”). QVC and Consultant (each a “Party” and together, the “Parties’),
intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

1. Services. Consultant shall provide to QVC services (“Services”) set forth in statements of work that refer to
this Agreement and are signed by each Party (each, a “SOW”). Each SOW is part of this Agreement. “Agreement”
means collectively this Agreement, the SOWs, the Confidentiality Agreement, and any exhibit, schedule or other
document attached or incorporated by reference into this Agreement or a SOW. If this Agreement and a SOW
conflict, the SOW shall control as to the SOW’s scope of Services.

1.1 Schedule. Consultant shall complete the Services pursuant to any schedule in a SOW. Time is of the
essence in performing this Agreement. Consultant shall perform all obligations in this Agreement and any SOW
and provide any equipment, material or resource necessary to perform such obligations, except to the extent a SOW
specifically requires QVC to perform an obligation or to provide equipment, materials or resources.

1.2 Acceptance. Consultant shall provide QVC copies of all Work (as defined below) that Consultant develops
for, or provides to, QVC pursuant to this Agreement. Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable SOW, QVC shall
have the right to review and accept any Technical Work (as defined below) and associated deliverables, if any,
within 20 days of QVC’s receipt thereof. If QVC fails to provide notice of acceptance or rejection for such
Technical Work and related deliverables within 15 days of receipt thereof, Datacert shall provide QVC written
notice (for the avoidance of doubt, an email constitutes written notice under this Section 1.2) that QVC must reject
or accept such within 5 days. If QVC fails to provide notice of acceptance or rejection in such 5 day period, the
Technical Work and related deliverables will be deemed accepted by QVC. If any Technical Work or related
deliverable is rejected by QVC, Datacert must re-perform the technical Services and resubmit the Technical Work
and related deliverables at no additional cost to QVC. For purposes of this Section 1.2 and as otherwise used in
this Agreement, the term “Technical Work” shall mean any and all means any and all tangible technical work
product or other technical deliverables to be provided to QVC by Consultant as set forth in the applicable SOW.
For the avoidance of doubt, Technical Work shall not include Work that is the direct result of consulting Services.

1.3 Affiliates. Any QVC Affiliate may (a) enter into SOWs with Consultant, and the Affiliate’s obligations
will be the obligations of such Affiliate alone and not of QVC or any other Affiliate, but if any such entity ceases to
be an Affiliate, it shall retain the benefit of this Agreement in connection with any SOWs entered into by such
Affiliate but it shall not be entitled to enter into further SOWs under this Agreement; and (b) use Services and
Work to the same extent as QVC at no additional expense to QVC, and such Affiliate shall be entitled to QVC’s
rights and interests under this Agreement and to enforce this Agreement in its own name. “Affiliate” means QVC’s
parent or an entity of which QVC or its parent owns presently or in the future, directly or indirectly, greater than
50% of such entity’s capital stock or other voting interests.

1.4 Staffing and Personnel.

1.4.1. Consultant shall perform Services using as resources its employees having positions, titles, skills,
education, experience, licenses and qualifications necessary to perform Services. Consultant shall assign a qualified
project manager to supervise the Services and render decisions for Consultant. QVC or its agents may perform, at
their expense, background checks on or interview Consultant resources, and Consultant will cooperate reasonably
with QVC to obtain from each resource any consent or authorization necessary to perform a background check, to
provide such consent and authorization to QVC, and to complete such background checks. Consultant shall notify
QVC in writing 15 days before a Consultant resource will have provided Services for more than a cumulative total
of 9 months in any rolling 12-month period. QVC may, in its sole discretion, either permit such resource to
continue performing Services (in which event Consultant shall be responsible to pay any additional tax arising
therefrom) or direct Consultant to terminate the resource’s assignment to QVC effective upon reaching such 9-
month milestone. Subject to the foregoing, Consultant shall maintain the continuity of resources assigned to QVC
and shall use its best efforts to keep turnover of resources to a minimum. Subject to the previous sentence, if a
Consultant resource is specified to provide Services under a SOW, Consultant shall not remove such resource
without first obtaining QVC’s written consent to such removal and to the resource’s replacement. Consultant shall

discontinue the assignment of any resource to QVC at any time if QVC determines that such resource does not
work well with QVC for any reason.

1.4.2. For Consultant’s resources, Consultant shall be solely responsible for (a) paying such resources;
(b) paying and reporting any tax withholding (including federal, state and local income taxes), workers’
compensation payments, social security taxes, and unemployment insurance; and (c) any health or disability
insurance, retirement benefits, or other welfare or pension benefits.

1.4.3. Consultant shall provide QVC with time sheets for the Services with detail reasonably acceptable
to QVC on a weekly basis or any other schedule determined by QVC. At QVC’s direction, Consultant shal! make
time and task entries into systems designated by QVC. Unless authorized in writing by QVC, Consultant shall not
invoice QVC, and QVC is not obligated to pay, for time worked by a Consultant resource in excess of 8 hours per
day.

1.5 Compliance with Laws and Workplace Rules. Consultant shall secure work permits, licenses, or other
documents required by a governmental authority for Consultant to perform the Services. Consultant’s resources
who work at or have access to QVC facilities or systems shall comply with QVC’s security, workplace safety, and
log-in, system-use policies and procedures, and other policies and procedures. Consultant and its resources have no
expectation of privacy when using QVC’s telephones, computers, communications systems and other systems, and
QVC has the right to monitor such use. Consultant shall notify its resources in writing of the previous sentence.

2. Compensation.

2.1 Invoices. Consultant shall issue a monthly invoice for fees for Services and Permitted Expenses. Each
invoice shall set forth (a) the project name for which the invoice is submitted, (b) QVC’s project manager, (c)
QVC’s purchase order number for which the invoice is submitted, and (d) in separate line items any sales or use tax
or Permitted Expense that QVC agreed to pay under this Agreement. QVC is not obligated to pay Consultant for an
invoice received more than 90 days after the date of delivery of the Services or Work for which the invoice is
provided. Each invoice shall be sent to QVC: (1) by email to AP209@gqvc.com; (2) by confirmed facsimile to
484.701.1236; or (3) by mail to QVC at QVC Accounts Payable, 1200 Wilson Drive, West Chester, PA, 19380.
QVC may change such email address, facsimile number or mail address by written notice to Consultant. If QVC
permits Consultant to use a third party to which QVC is responsible for payment, Consultant shall cause such third
party to provide invoices that comply with this Agreement. QVC may reject an invoice that does not comply with
this Agreement. QVC shall pay the amount of a properly completed invoice not disputed by QVC in good faith the
later of 45 days after QVC’s receipt of the invoice or 45 days after QVC’s acceptance of the Services or Work that
is the subject of the invoice, in accordance with the applicable SOW. Consultant will maintain records to
substantiate each invoice for 18 months after the invoice date, and QVC and its representatives have the right to
audit such records upon reasonable prior notice to Consultant. If an audit reveals an overpayment by QVC,
Consultant shall reimburse the overpayment amount to QVC within 45 days after Consultant receives notice of
such overpayment.

2.2 Permitted Expenses. “Permitted Expenses” means Consultant’s travel expenses that comply with QVC’s
travel expense policy in effect from time to time and are incurred in connection with Services. QVC will reimburse
Permitted Expenses that do not exceed SOW limits that cap Permitted Expenses either as a percentage of fees for
Services or as an aggregate amount so long as QVC receives Consultant’s invoice for the Permitted Expenses
within 90 days after the Permitted Expenses were incurred. Other than Permitted Expenses, Consultant shall be
responsible to pay all expenses incident to performing the Services. Consultant shall not charge QVC, and QVC is
not obligated to pay, for travel time of Consultant’s resources; provided that, to the extent the Services set forth in
the applicable SOW are being charged on a time and materials basis, Consultant may bill for any actual Services
performed during such travel time. Consultant acknowledges receipt of QVC’s travel expense policy.

2.3 Taxes. QVC shall be responsible for sales or use taxes levied in connection with the Services. QVC shall
not be responsible for taxes imposed on Consultant’s income or property. Consultant shall (a) provide to QVC
prompt notice of the levy of taxes for which QVC is responsible, (b) permit QVC to challenge such taxes, and (c)
reasonably cooperate with QVC at QVC's expense in connection with any such challenge.

2.4 Change of Scope. The Parties may agree in writing to change the scope of Services, fees or the time for
performing Services, but neither Party will have any liability or obligation with respect to any such change until an

2

amendment to this Agreement setting forth such change has been executed by the Parties.

3. Insurance. During the Term of this Agreement, Consultant will maintain, at its own expense, the following
insurance policies with insurers having a rating of A- or better from S&P or Best, subject to the terms and
conditions of each policy:

TYPE OF COVERAGE COVERAGE AMOUNTS

US Workers Compensation Statutory Limits

US Employer’s Liability $1,000,000 each accident/disease/employee

US Automobile Liability $1,000,000

Comprehensive General Liability $1,000,000 combined single limit per occurrence
$2,000,000, general aggregate

Umbrella/Excess Liability $4,000,000 each occurrence/general aggregate

Professional Media Liability $1,000,000 per claim made

(aka Errors & Omissions) $2,000,000 general aggregate

Property Damage/Business Interruption $1,000,000 per claim made
(“All Risks” at full replacement value with

respect to Consultant property and third-

party property in Consultant care, custody,

control)

Crime/Fraud $1,000,000 per crime

At QVC’s request, Consultant shall provide QVC a certificate of insurance evidencing such coverage. For clarity,
the requirements set forth above as to types, limits and approval of insurance coverage to be maintained by
Consultant will not in any manner be construed as either a limitation of the liability of Consultant to QVC,
indemnification obligations or the right of Consultant to obtain additional coverages and higher liability limits as it
deems necessary or desirable.

Except in the case of routine renewal cycles, Consultant shall provide QVC with at least thirty (30) calendar days
prior written notice of cancellation or nonrenewal of the policies.

4. Confidentiality. Each Party’s use or disclosure of information provided by or on behalf of the other Party shall
be governed by the Mutual Confidentiality Agreement between Consultant and QVC dated on or about the date
hereof (“Confidentiality Agreement”). This Agreement, Work (excluding any Background Materials) shall be
treated as the Confidential Information of both Parties and QVC Materials are QVC’s Confidential Information, all
as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement.

5. Work.

5.1 “Work” means any and all tangible work product or other deliverables to be provided to QVC by
Consultant as set forth in the applicable SOW. Consultant shall deliver any Work in progress at any time at QVC’s
request.

§.2 Ownership. Each party retains sole and exclusive ownership of all intellectual property, inventions,
discoveries, developments, and works (including but not limited to any artwork), software, products, modules,
utilities, drivers, facilities, routines, user-interface conventions and other development tools, in machine-readable
object code form and human readable source code form and any associated documentation, which each such
respective party developed or lawfully acquired prior to the Effective Date or independent of the Services
performed by Consultant under this Agreement (with respect to each party, “Background Materials”). Except as
expressly set forth in any applicable SOW, and except for any QVC Background Materials, as between QVC and
Consultant, all Work and any and all derivatives, enhancements, improvements, configurations or modifications
thereof or thereto, shall be exclusively owned by Consultant including without limitation, the intellectual property
rights therein and thereto. Consultant hereby grants to QVC a non-transferable (except as expressly set forth

3

herein or otherwise set forth in the applicable SOW), non-sub-licensable (except as expressly set forth herein or
otherwise set forth in the applicable SOW), fully paid-up, royalty free, irrevocable (except for termination in
accordance with the this Agreement), worldwide (excepted as prohibited under U.S. export Law), non-exclusive,
license to use, reproduce, copy, display, modify, extend and/or create derivative works from, the Work during the
term of this Agreement, solely in connection with QVC’s business purposes, and in connection with use of the
Software (as defined in the Master License Contract of even date herewith by and between the Parties (the “Master
License Contract”). In addition to any of QVC’s Background Materials, QVC shall exclusively have and retain all
right, title and interest, including all associated intellectual property rights, in and to QVC’s data and intellectual
property supplied by QVC for purposes of the Services, and all such data and intellectual property shall remain the
sole property of QVC. Nothing in this Agreement shall alter or amend the licenses provided under the Master
License Contract.

5.3 Licensed Work. Consultant will not combine, incorporate, link or embed Licensed Work into Work except
for Licensed Work specifically identified in an SOW. “Licensed Work” means Consultant’s Background Materials
and Third Party Work. “Third Party Work” means technology, intellectual property, materials or other products
created, developed or authored by any person other than Consultant independent of Services or Work. Consultant
grants QVC a non-transferrable (except as expressly set forth herein or otherwise set forth in the applicable SOW),
non-sub-licensable (except as expressly set forth herein or otherwise set forth in the applicable SOW), fully paid-
up, royalty free, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, license to use, reproduce, copy, display, modify, extend
and/or create derivative works from, the Work during the term of this Agreement, solely in connection with QVC’s
business purposes and in connection with use of the Software as defined in the Master License Contract.

5.4 Section 365(n) of Title 11, United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) governs this Agreement. If (1)
Consultant as a debtor in possession or a trustee in Bankruptcy in a case under the Bankruptcy Code rejects this
Agreement, QVC may elect to retain its rights to licenses granted herein as provided in Section 365(n) of the
Bankruptcy Code; and (2) a petition for relief is filed by or against QVC under the Bankruptcy Code, Consultant
hereby consents to this Agreement’s assumption or assumption and assignment pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code.

5.5 Further Assistance. Consultant shall take such commercially reasonable actions as QVC deems necessary
or desirable, including executing and delivering instruments of conveyance or other documents, to vest in QVC the
rights and interests granted in this Agreement, and to assist QVC to obtain, register, maintain and enforce such
rights and interests.

6. Representations, Warranties and Covenants. Consultant represents, warrants and covenants that so long as
this Agreement has not been terminated:

6.1 Consultant has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement;

6.2 entering into and performing its obligations under this Agreement (a) will not violate or breach any
agreement binding on Consultant; and (b) does not result in a conflict of interest between the work to be provided
under this Agreement and Consultant’s other activities. Consultant shall advise QVC of any conflict of interest that
arises during the performance of this Agreement.

6.3 the Services and Work: (a) will be created and originated by Consultant and may be conveyed to QVC
under this Agreement free and clear of claim of ownership by others; (b) will not violate or infringe any proprietary
information, non-disclosure, copyright, patent or other intellectual property or contractual right; (e) will not violate
any applicable law, rule or regulation; (d) will conform with this Agreement, be performed in a workmanlike and
professional manner, be of high quality, and in no event, be of a quality less than the quality of services performed
and work product created by a skilled consultant with expertise in the area for which Consultant is providing the
Services; (e) (including the Technical Work and any related deliverables) will, in the aggregate, unless otherwise
set forth in the applicable SOW, for a period of 60 days after first used by QVC in a production environment, (the
“Warranty Period”),conform in all material respects to the specifications contained in the applicable SOW or in an
ancillary written requirements document executed by the Parties, be free of errors and that all failures of the
Services or Work furnished hereunder will be corrected to conform with this Agreement, provided that QVC
notifies Consultant of such failures within the Warranty Period.

7. Indemnification by Consultant. Consultant shall indemnify, defend and hold QVC and its Affiliates harmless
from and against any damage, loss, liability, obligation, claim, litigation, demand, suit, judgment, cost or expense

4

including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees (“Claims”) that may be made: (a) for bodily injury, death,
or damage to real or tangible personal property, including theft, resulting from the acts or omissions of Consultant,
its employees or agents; (b) in connection with Consultant’s breach of its obligations under Section 1.4.2; (c) by
any third party alleging that Services or Work violates any proprietary information, non-disclosure, copyright,
patent or other intellectual property or contractual rights; (d) requiring, pursuant to subpoena, court order or similar
process, of the production of documents, the disclosure of information or the provision of testimony related to
Services or Work; and (e) in connection with Consultant’s recklessness, gross negligence, willful misconduct, or
violation of applicable law. QVC may participate at its expense in any Claim, and QVC’s prior written consent is
required for settlement of any Claim.

8. Exclusion of Certain Damages. Neither Party shall be liable to the other Party for indirect, special,
consequential or punitive damages, loss of goodwill or business profits, regardless of the nature of the claim, even
if such Party knew, or should have known, of the possibility of such damages or claims. The previous sentence does
not apply to a Party’s indemnification obligations, breach of its confidentiality or security obligations, gross
negligence, intentional misconduct, recklessness or violation of applicable law. With respect to all other damages,
the total liability of either Party for tort, contract and other damages shall not exceed the greater of (a) $250,000
(Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars) or (b) two (2) times the total amount of all fees paid or payable to
Consultant by QVC under this Agreement during the 12 (twelve) months preceding written notice by QVC to
Consultant of such claim. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the fees due hereunder are prepaid by QVC, the total
liability of either party for tort, contract and other damages shall not exceed the greater of (x) $250,000 (Two
Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars) or (y) 2 (two) times the total amount of all fees allocable to the 12 (twelve)
months preceding written notice by QVC to Consultant of such claim. These limitations of liability shall apply to
all claims in the aggregate (not per incident) and together with the disclaimer of warranties above shall survive
failure of any exclusive remedies provided in this Agreement.

9. Term. This Agreement will continue in effect until the Agreement is terminated as provided herein.

9.1 Termination for Breach. If a Party (“Breaching Party’) is in breach in any material respect under this
Agreement and fails to cure such breach (if such breach is susceptible to cure) within 30 days of receipt of written
notice from the other Party, the other Party may (at its election), without further notice and without limiting its
other rights, terminate this Agreement by notice to the Breaching Party without further obligation or liability
hereunder, other than the obligations that survive this Agreement’s termination.

9.2 Termination for Convenience. QVC may terminate a SOW or this Agreement at any time by notice to
Consultant, and upon such termination, QVC shall pay Consultant the amount due for Services provided before
termination together with Consultant’s actual costs from changes to travel as a result of QVC’s termination.

9.3 Return of Materials. QVC retains the entire right, title and interest in any materials provided to Consultant
by or for QVC (“QVC Materials”) and QVC Materials shall be considered QVC’s Confidential Information.

9.4 Survival. If this Agreement terminates or expires for any reason, (a) each party shall retain all of its
respective rights set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement; and (b) the following Agreement sections shall survive:
1.2, 2, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10.

10. General Provisions.

10.1. Independent Contractor. The Parties intend that Consultant shall be an independent contractor and
not an employee, agent, joint venturer, or partner of QVC. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or
construed as creating or establishing the relationship of employer and employee between the Parties.

10.2. Notice. Except with respect to invoices as set forth in Section 2.1, any communication required or
otherwise made under this Agreement (“Notice”) shall be made to a Party at its address in the first paragraph of this
Agreement by either personal delivery, certified mail, or commercial overnight delivery. A copy of any Notice
addressed to QVC shall also be delivered to the attention of QVC’s General Counsel at QVC’s address. Notice
made pursuant to this Section 10.2 shall be deemed to have been given when such Notice is actually received. A
party may change its address for receipt of Notice pursuant to this Section 10.2.

10.3. Assignment. Consultant may not assign all or any part of this Agreement or any rights hereunder to
any third party without the express written consent of QVC, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned

5

or delayed; provided Consultant may assign this Agreement as part of a corporate reorganization, consolidation,
merger, or sale of substantially all of its assets or capital stock. QVC may assign all or any part of this Agreement
or any rights hereunder to any third party; provide that such third party’s financial stability is equal to or greater
than QVC’s. Any assignment, delegation or subcontracting of this Agreement in violation of this Section shall be
void ab initio.

10.4 Entire Agreement. This, Agreement is the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and supersedes all oral or written agreements between the Parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter hereof. Any change to this Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing signed by the Parties.
No “shrink-wrap”, “click-wrap”, “click-agree” or other licenses or agreements (collectively, “Other Terms”) shall
apply to Services or Work, and if any Other Terms are provided or otherwise made available to QVC, the terms and
conditions of this Agreement shall prevail and such Other Terms shall have no force or effect.

10.5 Partial Invalidity, Waivers. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any part of this Agreement to be
unenforceable, the remaining parts will continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated. A
delay or forbearance by a Party in exercising any right hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver of that right.

10.6 Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws
of the Commonwealth of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of law principles. The United States District Court
for the District of Delaware and the state courts situated in New Castle County, Delaware have exclusive
jurisdiction over, and are the exclusive venue for, any matter arising out of or related to this Agreement.

10.7 No Publicity. Consultant shall not use QVC as a reference or refer to QVC in any marketing materials
or make any public announcements relating to this Agreement without QVC’s prior written consent.

10.8 Binding Effect. This Agreement binds and benefits the Parties, their successors, and permitted assigns.

10.9 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and delivered by facsimile or other
electronic means, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and both of
which when taken together shall constitute one agreement.

10.10 Gifts. Consultant shall not offer or pay to QVC, QVC employees or officers, or third parties serving as
references for Consultant any (a) gift, gratuity, or other consideration that may be construed to influence this
Agreement’s negotiation, award, interpretation, or implementation; or (b) commission or fee or grant any rebate to
any QVC employee or officer, or enter into any business arrangements with QVC employees or officers without
QVC’s prior written approval.

6

Datacert, Inc.

QVC, Inc.

By: A Vallman
Name: ames A Tallman
Title:__General Manager

Date:__9/10/2014

 

