
BB matrix

 

Master Subscription Services Agreement

This Master Subscription Services Agreement (“Agreement”) is between CLM Matrix, a Texas corporation (CLM Matrix) and the entity

signing below (Customer), and is dated as of the date of last signature.

1)

2)

3)

4)

CONTRACT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT SERVICE. This Agreement provides Customer access to a proprietary online subscription service
consisting of an Internet accessible, CLM Matrix-hosted contract lifecycle management system as described in Schedule A attached hereto
which among other things includes the following functionality:

- Contract Modeling - ability to input contract metadata into the system

- Contract Portal - role based repository of contract information in tabular form

- Contract Monitoring and Tracking - ability to perform user defined ad hoc reporting

- Rule and Policy Based Workflow - ability for alerts notifications and reminders based on critical contract dates and obligations.

- Template and Clause Library Management and Automation - Automation of contract generation process, (Matrix Enterprise only)

CLM Matrix will provide this functionality through a secure website portal [URL] provided by CLM Matrix within a hosted server
environment and under the terms below (Service). This Agreement contemplates one or more statements of work (also could take the
form of a schedule) executed by both parties for the Services are governed by the terms of this Agreement. Customer may allow its
worldwide employees, third-party auditors, agents, and contractors (the “Authorized Users”)to access the Services in compliance with
the terms of this Agreement, which access must be for the sole benefit of Customer. Customer and its Authorized Users may access and
use the Platform (i) only for the transmission, processing, review and routing of information for the Customer's own internal business
purposes, and not on an outsourcing basis, for resale, or similarly on behalf of or for the direct or indirect benefit of third parties, and (ii)
only in accordance with the other terms of the Agreement. Customer is responsible for the compliance with this Agreement by its
employees and contractors.

USE OF SERVICES.

a). CLM Matrix Responsibilities. CLM Matrix shall (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Services available, except for
(x) scheduled outages, or (y) unavailability caused by force majeure, (ii) maintain commercially reasonable information security
measures and policies, in accordance with ISO 27001, designed to safeguard the security of Customer Data and protect against known
or anticipated threats to the security of Customer Data, and (iii) provide customer support for the Services at no additional charge,
as further detailed at: https://support.clmmatrix.com/support/clmmatrix1, CLM Matrix shall abide by the terms of the Data
Processing Agreement attached hereto as Appendix 1. Wolters Kluwer’s Corporate Privacy Officer is Saskia Sjardin. Chuck
Barry is CLM Matrix Director of Customer Support and can be contacted for any Customer Data concerns at cbarry@clmmatrix,com
or +1 (713) 320-7756

b). Customer Responsibilities, Customer (i) is responsible for maintenance of Customer Data, (ii) must use commercially reasonable
efforts to prevent unauthorized access to the Services, and notify CLM Matrix promptly of any such unauthorized access by third
parties, and (iii) may use the Services only in accordance with the CLM Matrix user guide and applicable law. Customer shall not
permit any third-party users to use the Services in any way whatsoever without the prior written consent of CLM Matrix.

Customer may not (w) sell, resell, rent or lease the Services, (x) use the Services to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise
unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party rights, (y) interfere with or disrupt the
integrity or performance of the Services, or (z) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or their related systems or
networks,

PAYMENT TERMS. Customer must pay all undisputed fees within forty-five (45) days of the invoice date of a digitally submitted invoice
from CLM Matrix. Customer is responsible for sales, use and other similar taxes. Should Customer dispute an invoice or part thereof,
Customer shall notify CLM Matrix and parties will in good faith endeavor to resolve the dispute. Customer shall pay any undisputed
portion of the invoice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Payment for first month service must be received prior to activation
of the Services.

WARRANTY/SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT and REMEDY.

CLM Matrix Limited Warranty. CLM Matrix warrants to Customer (i) that commercially reasonable efforts will be made to provide
access to the Services for a minimum of availability in any given month as provided in the chart below (excluding scheduled outages), (ii)
the functionality of the Services will not materially decrease, (iii) and the customer support will not materially degrade. For each month
where the Service availability falls into one of the below threshold ranges, CLM Matrix shall discount Customer's fee (whether invoiced
or pro rata of an annual payment) for that month by the corresponding percentage. Uptime reporting will be provided upon request plus
CLM Matrix will notify Customer should there be any reportable incidents

Availability Credit

-99.5 orhigher= No Credit.

-99,4-95% = 5 % of monthly fee.

- 94,99 -90% = 10 % of monthly fee.

- Less than 90% = 20% of monthly fee.

 

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 04/19/19 Page 1 of 7
Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved.

5)

6)

7

b).

Limited Remedy and Disclaimer. Customer's exclusive remedy and CLM Matrix’s sole obligation for breach of the warranty in (a)(i)
immediately above will be for CLM Matrix to provide a credit as provided in the chart above (if this Agreement is not renewed, then
a refund of fees prepaid by Customer but not used), for the month in question; provided that Customer notifies CLM Matrix of
such breach within 30 days of the end of the month in question. CLM Matrix EXCEPT AS STATED IN SECTION_4(a) THE SERVICES ARE
PROVIDED “AS 1S” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. CLM Matrix DISCLAIMS AND
EXCLUDES ANY AND ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, IRRESPECTIVE OF ANY COURSE OF
DEALING OR PERFORMANCE, CUSTOM OR USAGE OF TRADE. CLM Matrix DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES OR ANY
COMPONENT THEREOF WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, THAT ITS USE OR OPERATION WILL BE ERROR OR DEFECT FREE, THAT
THE SERVICES OR ANY COMPONENT THEREOF WILL ALWAYS BE ACCESSIBLE OR AVAILABLE. CUSTOMER WILL BE SOLELY
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SELECTION, USE AND SUITABILITY OF THE SERVICES AND CLM Matrix WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY
THEREFOR.

MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY.

a).

b).

c).

Definition of Confidential Information. Confidential Information means all non-public information disclosed by a party
(Discloser) to the other party (Recipient) pursuant to this Agreement and proprietary information regarding the Services, whether
orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of
the information and the circumstances of disclosure (Confidential Information). CLM Matrix’s Confidential Information includes
the Services.

Protection of Confidential Information. The Recipient must use the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality
of its own confidential information of like kind (but in no event less than reasonable care) not to disclose or use any Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement, The Recipient must make commercially
reasonable efforts to limit access to Confidential Information of Discloser to those of its and its affiliates’ employees, contractors and
agents who need such access for purposes consistent with this Agreement and who have signed confidentiality Agreements with
Recipient no less restrictive than the confidentiality terms of this Agreement.

Exclusions. Confidential Information excludes information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of
any obligation owed to Discloser, (ii) was known to the Recipient prior to its disclosure by the Discloser without breach of any
obligation owed to the Discloser, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to Discloser, or (iv) was
independently developed by the Recipient without use or access to the Confidential Information.

 

PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.

a).

b).

c).

qd).

Reservation of Rights by CLM Matrix. The software, workflow processes, and other technologies provided by CLM Matrix as part
of the Services including, without limitation, related tutorials and documentation, and also including, without limitation, all
improvements, enhancements, modifications, Customer-specific upgrades, or updates to the Services, developed by either party,
solely or jointly are the proprietary property of CLM Matrix and its licensors, and all right, title and interest in and to such items,
including all associated intellectual property rights, remain only with CLM Matrix. CLM Matrix grants no rights unless expressly
provided in this Agreement.

Customer Restrictions. Customer may not:

i. reverse engineer the Services or the Licensed Documentation (defined below);

ii, remove or modify any proprietary marking or restrictive legends in the Service; or

iii, access the Service to (w) build a competitive product or service, or (x) copy any feature, function or graphic of the Service for
competitive purposes.

 

Customer Data. All uploaded data under Customer's account remains the sole property of Customer, as between CLM Matrix and
Customer (Customer Data). Customer grants CLM Matrix a non-exclusive term license to use, modify, copy and prepare derivate
works of the Customer Data for purposes of CLM Matrix performing under this Agreement. CLM Matrix will at any time, but no more
than once a month, provide the Customer Data to Customer (upon request) for an administrative fee of $500.00.

Licensed Documentation. The Product User Guide and other CLM Matrix provided product documentation is licensed to Customer
as follows: CLM Matrix grants Customer a non-exclusive, worldwide, license for the duration of the Services to such material for
Customer's internal use solely with the Services, with the right to make additional copies of the material for such duration and
purpose (Licensed Documentation).

EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

a).

Exclusion of Certain Damages. NEITHER CLM Matrix NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, DISTRIBUTORS, AGENTS, SUBCONTRACTORS,
LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS WILL HAVE ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR ANY
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF SALES, PROFITS, BUSINESS, OR GOODWILL AND ANY FAILURE OF DELIVERY OF THE SERVICES,
EVEN IF SUCH PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 04/19/19 Page 2 of 7
Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved.

8)

9)

10)

b). Limitation _of Liability. THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF CLM MATRIX AND ITS AFFILIATES, DISTRIBUTORS, AGENTS,
SUBCONTRACTORS, LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND
ANY OTHER CAUSE WHATSOEVER, SHALL NOT EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS UNDER OR IN RELATION
TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE TOTAL FEES PAID BY CUSTOMER TO CLM IN THE EIGHTEEN -MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE DATE
ON WHICH THE FIRST CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE, LESS AGGREGATE DAMAGES PREVIOUSLY PAID BY CLM MATRIX OR
ITS AFFILIATES.

c). Exclusion from limitation of Liability, THE LIMITATIONS IN AFOREMENTIONED SECTION 7b WILL NOT APPLY TO LOSSES OR
DAMAGES CAUSED BY GROSS NEGLIGENCE; FRAUD OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE
LAWS.

a. FURTHERMORE; CLM Matrix WILL BE LIABLE FOR LOSSES ARISING AS A RESULT OF FRAUD; AND ITS NON-COMPLIANCE
WITH APPLICABLE LEGISLATION OR REGULATIONS IN THE AREA OF PROTECTION OF PRIVACY AND PERSONAL DATA
WITHIN CLM'S OPERATION OF ITS BUSINESS

d). CLM Matrix shall maintain during the term of this Agreement Commercial General Liability Insurance with minimum limits of not less than $1,000,000 per
occurrence.

TERM, TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION OF SERVICE.

a). Term. The initial term for this order is from the date of Customer's Purchase Order through December 31, 2022 (“Initial Term”).
Customer has an option to renew the subscription for additional two (2) year term (the “Renewal Term” and, together with the Initial
Term, the “Term”).

b). Mutual Termination for Material Breach. If either party is in breach of any material term of this Agreement, the other party may
terminate this Agreement at the end of a written 30-day notice/cure period, if the breach has not been cured. In addition, if the
Service fails to meet the performance metric of 95% availability in any three consecutive months, or in any 3 months of a six
consecutive month period, Customer may terminate this agreement at the end of a written 30-day notice period.

i. Actions upon Termination.
(w) Upon any termination as provided in 8(b) above by Customer, CLM Matrix shall within forty five (45) days, refund any prepaid
fees not earned by CLM Matrix covering the remainder of the Term of that order.

(x) Upon any termination as provided in 8(b) above by CLM Matrix, Customer shall within forty five (45) days pay any outstanding
and unpaid fees covering the remainder of the Term of all orders, and destroy all CLM Matrix property. Customer upon request
will confirm that it has complied with these requirements.

c). Return of Customer Data. Within 60 days after termination or expiration of an order, this Agreement or both, CLM Matrix will, upon
request, provide the Customer Data to Customer in a format as mutually agreed to by the parties (to the extent Customer has not
already deleted such information from the Services), After a 60-day period after termination, CLM Matrix has no obligation to
maintain any of the Customer Data.

d). Suspension of Service for Violations of Law. CLM Matrix may immediately suspend the Services and remove applicable Customer
Data if it in good faith believes that, as part of using the Services, Customer may have violated a law. CLM Matrix may try to contact
Customer in advance, but it is not required to do so.

GOVERNING LAW AND EXCLUSIVE FORUM. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal
substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to any other laws that would require the application of the laws of another
jurisdiction. Application of the U.N. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is hereby excluded. The parties agree
that all actions and proceedings arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in New
York, New York, and the parties hereby consent to such venue and to the jurisdiction of such courts over the subject matter of such
proceeding and themselves. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISPUTE OR LEGAL
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF.

MISCELLANEOUS OTHER TERMS, This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties, and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous negotiations or Agreements, whether oral or written, related to this subject matter. - No modification or waiver of any
term of this Agreement is effective unless both parties sign it. - Neither party shall have the power to assign, license, or sub-license any
ofits rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Any
assignment, license, or sub-license attempted without such consent shall be void. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party may assign this
Agreement to an Affiliate (defined below) of such party provided that any such assignment shall not release the assigning party from its
obligations under this Agreement. “Affiliate” means any entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls
or is controlled by, or is under common control with, a party. - The parties are independent contractors with respect to each other. - If
any term of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the other terms remain in effect. - If there is any inconsistency between this
Agreement and the order, the order will govern, - CLM Matrix rejects additional or conflicting terms of a form purchasing document. If
there is an inconsistency between this Agreement and an order, the order prevails, - Any terms that by their nature survive termination
or expiration of this Agreement, will survive. CLM Matrix may use Customer's name and logo in customer lists and related promotional

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 04/19/19 Page 3 of 7
Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix, All rights reserved,

materials describing Customer as a customer of CLM Matrix, which use must be in accordance with Customer’s trademark guidelines and
policies,

CLM Matrix
NAA

NORMA Group Holding GmbH

 

Name: Daniel Mellitt
Titte: “ice President - Finance

pate: SeP 20, 2019

 

Email ‘Signed’ Agreement to: tsparks@clmmatrix.com

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 04/19/19 Page 4 of 7
Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved.

 

CLM Matrix Subscription Services Agreement

Schedule A

Schedule A is attached to and becomes, upon execution by both parties below, a part of the CLM Matrix Subscription Services Agreement between
such parties and sets forth the specific terms and conditions relating to the Subscription Services listed below:

 

Effective License Date

Date of signature below

 

Licensed Software

Matrix Enterprise v16.x SaaS

 

Software Format

Object

 

Operating Platform

Microsoft

 

License Type

Subscription as a Service

 

Number of Copies of Licensed Material

One (1) production environment.

 

 

 

 

Separate Dev/Test Configuration Environment | Included
Subscription Term 40 months
Base Subscription Fee/Year $102,716
Annual Software Maintenance Included

 

User Counts

Contract Administrator: 5
Contract Contributor: 150
Contract Consumer: 95

 

Invoicing and Payment Terms

Subscription Services will be invoiced quarterly beginning upon license date.
Payment terms are Net 45 days. Past due accts subject to 18% interest or max amt. allowed by law.

 

Additional Users

Additional users can be added as needed in the future for the prices below.

Matrix Enterprise Matrix Fast Track

$95/mo. Contract Administrator $43/mo. Contract Administrator
$16/mo. Contract Contributor $13/mo. Contract Contributor
$11/mo. Contract Consumer $8/mo. Contract Consumer

 

Optional CLM Matrix Functionality
(Identify optional functionality requested
below. Additional fees may apply.)

1-Graphical BI Reporting Wizard

1- Legacy Metadata Migration Wizard
1—Legacy Document Migration Wizard
Q- Multi-Language Wizard

1- Web Service Integration Wizard
0-SalesForce/Dynamics CRM Wizard
0-DocuSign integration Wizard
1-Single Sign-On

Total Annual Subscription Fee
Including Optiona! Wizards
Training Services

Graphical BI Reporting Wizard - $250/mo.

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Legacy Metadata Migration Wizard — $125/mo.

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Legacy Document Migration Wizard - $125/mo.

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Multi-Language Wizard - $250/mo.

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Web Service Integration Wizard - $250/mo.

Professional services required for installation, set-up and configuration.

SalesForce/Dynamics CRM Connector - $250/mo.

~ 40 hours of Professional Services required for installation, set-up and configuration.

DocuSign Integration Wizard - $225/mo.

~ 15 hours of Professional Services required for installation, set-up and configuration.

Single Sign-On — no additional license charge but requires 3 party SSO (ADFS, OKTA etc.) and ~ 15-
30 hours of Professional Services required for set-up and configuration (which is waived in SOW #1.
attached to the Master Consulting Agreement).

Additional Dev Environment — one Dev environment included in SaaS pricing above. $535/month
each additional Dev environment.

$102,716/year

Not included with Subscription Services. Priced separately.

 

Additional Computing Resources

Resources (processor capacity, RAM, etc.) required for seasonal performance tuning, increases in
user counts, to accommodate document storage growth over time, etc. can be provided upon
customer request. Additional costs apply.

 

To Be Delivered To

 

 

NORMA Group Holding GmbH
Edisonstrasse 4
63477 Maintal

Invoices via PDF to INV.NGH@normagroup.com

 

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 04/19/19 Page 5 of 7

Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved.

 

CLM Matrix MSSA
Schedule B
Software Maintenance and Support

Maintenance Fee:

Annual Software Maintenance is included in the monthly software license subscription cost.

Maintenance Coverage:

Under this Maintenance program customers whose monthly software subscription is fully paid will receive the following product

coverage:

a. Access to all new functionality releases for the product licensed typically published as point releases (e.g. v10.x)

b. Access to all bug fix releases for the product licensed typically published as point releases (e.g. 10.x)

c. Access to all new major releases for the product licensed typically published as with major version number change (e.g., 10.x.x
to 11.x.x)

d. Problem reporting and response times are defined below in the Service Level table below.

Customer Support Overview:
© 24x7 Web-based support that offers access to software and utility upgrades, documentation, release notes and technical
FAQ
Email and telephone support
© On-site support services (additional charges apply)

As part of its SaaS subscription software maintenance agreement, the customer will receive online, email and telephone software
support for the licensed product as defined in the table in Schedule A. Software support is defined as those issues whose root cause
is CLM Matrix source code related (software bugs, bug fixes, patches, etc.). Issues involving conflicts with customer system or
network issues, third party software/hardware, Matrix wizard configuration, Matrix application settings are defined as professional
services and will be invoiced at the agreed upon professional services hourly rate.

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 04/19/19 Page 6 of 7
Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix, All rights reserved.

STANDARD SERVICE LEVELS FOR SOFTWARE SUPPORT

Severity Level Definition First Response

A- Critical Product down Immediate upon email notification

B-Serious Development down or production impacted but Immediate upon email notification
not down

C—Important Important problem that does not have significant | Within 4 hours or less upon email
current productivity impact notification

D-Minor Minor problem that does not have impact on Within 6 hours or less

current development or productivity

E—Monitor Issues requiring no further action beyond Within 8 hours or less
monitoring for follow-up as needed

 

POST IMPLEMENTATION SOFTWARE SUPPORT

 

 

Off-Site Support Software Support Availability Pricing
Online Support 24/7 Included
Email/Telephone Support 8AM — 5PM CST Included
Monday - Friday 3 hrs./month software support included with
Software Maintenance. $225/hour thereafter
After Hours Support As requested $250/hour
Onsite Support As requested $225/hour
CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 04/19/19 Page 7 of 7

Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix, All rights reserved.

DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
Appendix 1

In the course of providing the Services (as defined below), CLM Matrix may process personal data (as
defined below) on behalf of Client, and CLM Matrix agrees to comply with the following provisions
with respect to any such personal data.

1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum will have the same
meanings as set forth in the Agreement. In this Addendum, the following terms shall have the
meaning set out below:

a. “Affiliate” means, with respect to any entity, any other entity that controls, is
controlled by or under the control of such first entity.

b. “Client Personal Data” means any personal data of a data subject that is processed
by CLM Matrix on behalf of Client to perform the Services under the Agreement.

c “control” (or variants of it) means the ability, whether directly or indirectly, to direct
the management and action of an entity by means of ownership, contract or otherwise.

d. “EEA” means the European Economic Area.

e. “EU Data Protection Laws” means EU Directive 95/46/EC, as transposed into
domestic legislation of each Member State and as amended, replaced or superseded from
time to time, including (with effect from May 25, 2018) by the GDPR and laws implementing,
replacing or supplementing the GDPR.

f. “EU Laws” means European Union or Member State law, including EU Data Protection
Laws.

g. “GDPR’” means EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.

h. “Restricted Transfer” means a transfer of Client Personal Data from CLM Matrix to

a Sub-processor where such transfer would be prohibited by EU Data Protection Laws (or by
the terms of data transfer agreements put in place to address the data transfer restrictions of
EU Data Protection Laws) in the absence of appropriate safeguards required for such
transfers under EU Data Protection Laws.

i. “Services” means the services provided to Client by CLM Matrix pursuant to the
Agreement.

j. “Standard Contractual Clauses” means the latest version of the standard
contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors established in third
countries under Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (the
current version as at the date of this Addendum is annexed to European Commission Decision
2010/87/EU).

k. “Sub-processor” means any party appointed by CLM Matrix to process Client
Personal Data to perform the Services.

Page 1 of 10

l. The terms “controller”, “data subject”, “personal data’, “personal data breach’,

“processor”, “processing”, and “supervisory authority” shall have the meanings ascribed
to them in the GDPR, and their cognate terms shall be construed accordingly.

2. Client Warranties
a. Client warrants that:

i. Client’s processing of the Client Personal Data is based on legal grounds for
processing as may be required by EU Data Protection Laws and it has made and shall
maintain throughout the term of the Agreement all necessary rights, permissions,
registrations and consents in accordance with and as required by EU Data Protection
Laws with respect to CLM Matrix’ processing of Client Personal Data under this
Addendum and the Agreement; and

ii. It is entitled to and has all necessary rights, permissions and consents to transfer the
Client Personal Data to CLM Matrix and otherwise permit CLM Matrix to process the
Client Personal Data on its behalf, so that CLM Matrix may lawfully use, process and
transfer the Client Personal Data in order to carry out the Services and perform CLM
Matrix’ other rights and obligations under this Addendum and the Agreement.

3. Controller and Processor, For purposes of this Addendum, Client is the controller of the Client
Personal Data and is the processor of such data, except when Client acts as a processor of Client
Personal Data, in which case CLM Matrix is a sub-processor. Client and its Affiliates, as their
respective controllers, shall determine the purposes of collecting and processing Client Personal
Data.

4. Scope of Processing.

a. In order for CLM Matrix to provide the Services under the Agreement, CLM Matrix
will process Client Personal Data. Annex 1 to this Addendum sets out certain information
regarding the processing of Client Personal Data as required by Article 28(3) of the GDPR.
The parties may amend Annex 1 from time to time as the parties may reasonably consider
necessary to meet those requirements. Nothing in Annex 1 (including as amended pursuant
to this Section 4(a)) confers any right or imposes any obligation on any party to this
Addendum.

b. CLM Matrix shall only process Client Personal Data (i) in accordance with the
documented instructions described in this Addendum, and (ii) for the purposes of fulfilling
its obligations under the Agreement. If EU Law to which CLM Matrix is subject requires CLM
Matrix to process Client Personal Data in a manner contrary to Client’s instructions, CLM
Matrix shall inform Client in advance of any relevant processing of the affected Client
Personal Data, unless the relevant EU Law prohibits this on important grounds of public
interest.

c CLM Matrix shall inform Client if, in CLM Matrix’ opinion, an instruction given by
Client under this Section 4 infringes EU Law. CLM Matrix shall have the right to suspend
processing of Client Personal Data until Client’s instruction is clarified to the extent that it no
longer infringes EU Law.

Page 2 of 10

5. Confidentiality. CLM Matrix shall ensure that each of its personnel that is authorized to
process Client Personal Data is subject to confidentiality undertakings or professional or statutory
obligations of confidentiality.

6. Security.

a. CLM Matrix shall, in relation to Client Personal Data, (a) take, as appropriate,
measures required pursuant to Article 32 of the GDPR, and (b) on reasonable request at
Client’s cost, assist Client in ensuring compliance with Client’s obligations pursuant to Article
32 of the GDPR, taking into account the nature of the processing and the information available
to CLM Matrix.

b. CLM Matrix shall maintain the security practices and policies for the protection of
Client Personal Data as set forth in Annex 2 of this Addendum. Client warrants that it has
assessed the security measures set out in Annex 2 of this Addendum and has determined that
they satisfy the requirements of Article 32 GDPR in respect of CLM Matrix processing of Client
Personal Data.

Sub-processors. Client hereby authorizes CLM Matrix to appoint (and permit each Sub-processor
appointed in accordance with this Section 7 to appoint) Sub-processors in accordance with this
Section 7, subject to any restrictions in the Agreement. CLM Matrix will bind Sub-processors with
written agreements that require them to provide at least the level of data protection required of CLM
Matrix by this Addendum relative to the Sub-processor’s activities relating to the Services. CLM
Matrix may continue to use those Sub-processors already engaged by CLM Matrix as at the date of
this Addendum. Client will find a list of the current Sub-processors at
https://info.wkelmsolutions.com/subprocessors.html (the “Sub-processor List Website”). CLM
Matrix will update the Sub-processor List Website, as the case may be, when CLM Matrix engages
new or additional Sub-processors. Client is responsible for visiting the Sub-processor List Website
from time to time. If Client has a reasonable basis to object to the use of any such new or additional
Sub-processor, Client will notify CLM Matrix promptly in writing detailing the basis for the objection.
CLM Matrix will work with Client in good faith to make available a commercially reasonable change
in the provision of the Services or recommend a commercially reasonable change to such Client’s
configuration or use of the Services to avoid processing of Client Personal Data by the objected-to
new or additional Sub-processor without reasonably burdening Client, in either case which avoids
the use of the Sub-processor. Where such a change cannot be made within 90 days from CLM Matrix
receipt of Client’s objection notice, notwithstanding anything in the Agreement, Client, may, as its
sole remedy, by written notice to CLM Matrix with immediate effect terminate that portion of the
Agreement that relates to the Services that require the use of such new or additional Processor. CLM
Matrix shall be responsible for the acts and omissions of any Sub-processors as it is to Client for its
own acts and omissions in relation to the matters provided in this Addendum. The provisions of this
Section 7 shall not apply to the extent Client instructs CLM Matrix to allow a third party to Process
Client Personal Data pursuant to a contract that Client has directly with the third party.

 

8. Data Subject Requests. To the extent legally permitted, CLM Matrix will promptly notify Client
if CLM Matrix or any Sub-processor receives any complaint, inquiry or request (including requests
made by data subjects to exercise their rights pursuant to EU Data Protection Laws) related to Client
Personal Data. Taking into account the nature of the processing, CLM Matrix shall assist Client at
Client’s cost and request, by appropriate technical and organizational measures, insofar as this is
reasonably possible, for the fulfillment of Client’s obligation to respond to requests for exercising
such data subjects’ rights.

Page 3 of 10

9. Data Breach. CLM Matrix shall notify Client without undue delay once CLM Matrix becomes
aware of a personal data breach affecting Client Personal Data. CLM Matrix shall, taking into account
the nature of the processing and the information available to CLM Matrix, use commercially
reasonable efforts to provide Client with sufficient information to allow Client, at Client’s cost, to
meet any obligations to notify or inform regulatory authorities, data subjects and other entities of
such personal data breach to the extent required under EU Data Protection Laws.

i. Wolters Kluwer’s Corporate Privacy Officer is Saskia Sjardin. Chuck Barry is CLM Matrix
Director of Customer Support and can be contacted for any Data Privacy concerns and
requests at cbarry@clmmatrix.com or +1 (713) 320-7756. CLM Matrix will ensure that all
such concerns and requests will be handled in accordance Article 33 GDPR.

10. Data Protection Impact Assessments. CLM Matrix shall, taking into account the nature of the
processing and the information available to CLM Matrix, provide reasonable assistance to Client, at
Client’s cost, with any data protection impact assessments and prior consultations with supervisory
authorities or other competent regulatory authorities as required for Client to fulfill its obligations
under EU Data Protection Laws.

11. Destruction of Client Personal Data.

a. Subject to Section 11.b. below, or as otherwise required by applicable law, CLM Matrix will
promptly and in any event by the later of: (i) 90 days after the date of cessation of any Services
involving the processing of Client Personal Data; (ii) termination of the Agreement, and (iii)
expiration of the time period for which Client Personal Data is maintained pursuant to
applicable disaster recovery practices for the Services, to the extent reasonably practicable,
delete and procure the deletion of all copies of Client Personal Data processed by CLM Matrix.
For the avoidance of doubt, CLM Matrix may retain Client Personal Data as required by EU
Laws.

b. Forso long as CLM Matrix and each Sub-processor retains Client Personal Data in accordance
with this Section 11, CLM Matrix obligations of confidentiality with respect to such Client
Personal Data will continue and CLM Matrix will ensure that such Client Personal Data is only
processed as necessary and for no other purpose.

12. Audits.

a. Subject to Sections 12(b) and (c), CLM Matrix shall make available to Client upon
reasonable written request, information that is reasonably necessary to demonstrate CLM
Matrix compliance with this Addendum. Client shall be responsible for any costs and
expenses of CLM Matrix arising from the provision of such information and audit rights.

b. Client’s information and audit rights only arise under Section 12(a) above to the
extent that the Agreement and/or any other information available to Client in relation to the
Services does not otherwise give Client information and audit rights meeting the
requirements of Section 12(a) above.

c Client is aware that any in-person on-site audits are likely to significantly disturb CLM
Matrix’ business operations, including operations relating to the Services being provided
pursuant to the Agreement. Client shall ensure that its auditors make reasonable efforts to
avoid causing (or, if it cannot avoid, to minimize) any damage, injury or disruption to

Page 4 of 10

premises, equipment, personnel and business while its auditor personnel are on those
premises in the course of such an audit or inspection. Each requested audit shall meet the
following requirements:

i.

ii.

iii.

vi.

vii.

viii.

ix.

d.

no more than one audit per calendar year shall be requested or conducted and upon
no less than 90 days’ notice to CLM Matrix;

shall be conducted by an internationally recognized independent auditing firm
reasonably acceptable to CLM Matrix;

take place during CLM Matrix regular business hours, pursuant to a mutually agreed
upon scope of audit;

the duration of the audit must be reasonable and, in any event, shall not exceed two
business days;

no access shall be given to the data of other Clients; audits will not be permitted if
they interfere with CLM Matrix’ ability to provide the Services to any Clients;

audits shall be subject to any confidentiality or other contractual obligations of CLM
Matrix or CLM Matrix’ Affiliates (including any confidentiality obligations to other

Clients, vendors or other third parties);

any non-affiliated third parties participating in the audit shall execute a
confidentiality agreement reasonably acceptable to CLM Matrix;

all costs and expenses of any audit shall be borne by Client; and

any audit of a facility will be conducted as an escorted and structured walkthrough
and shall be subject to CLM Matrix security policies.

CLM Matrix shall immediately inform Client if, in CLM Matrix opinion, an instruction

in relation to Client’s rights under this Section 12 infringes EU Law. CLM Matrix shall have
the right to suspend processing of Client Personal Data until Client’s instruction is clarified to
the extent that it no longer infringes EU Law.

13. Data Transfer.

CLM Matrix shall, if requested to do so by Client and if required by EU Data Protection Laws, enter
into the Standard Contractual Clauses as data importer with Client acting as data exporter. If CLM
Matrix’ arrangement with a Sub-processor involves a Restricted Transfer, CLM Matrix shall
incorporate the onward transfer provisions of the Standard Contractual Clauses into the agreement
entered into between CLM Matrix (who shall be permitted to enter the Standard Contractual Clauses
on behalf of Client) and the Sub-processor. Client agrees to exercise its audit right in the Standard
Contractual Clauses by instructing CLM Matrix to conduct the audit set out in Section 12.

14, Miscellaneous.

Page 5 of 10

a. Except as otherwise set forth herein, all terms and conditions of the Agreement will
continue in full force and effect as set forth therein and amended thereby. Nothing in this
Addendum reduces CLM Matrix’ obligations under the Agreement in relation to the
protection of Client Personal Data or permits CLM Matrix to process (or permit the processing
of) Client Personal Data in a manner that is prohibited by the Agreement.

b. Notwithstanding Section 16(d) of the Agreement, in the event and to the extent of any
conflict between the terms and conditions of (i) this Addendum and applicable law, the
provision(s) of the applicable law shall govern; (ii) this Addendum and the Standard
Contractual Clauses, the provision(s) of the Standard Contractual Clauses shall govern; and
(iii) this Addendum and the Agreement, the provision(s) that are more protective of Client
Personal Data shall govern. CLM Matrix shall comply with the terms of this Addendum during
the term of the Agreement and during any period during which CLM Matrix may have access
to Personal Data.

c CLM Matrix may modify or supplement this Addendum, with reasonable notice to
Client:

i. If required to do so by a supervisory authority or other government or regulatory
entity;

ii. If necessary, to comply with applicable law;

iii To implement new or updated Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the
European Commission; or

iv. To adhere to an approved code of conduct or certification mechanism approved or
certified pursuant to Articles 40, 42 and 43 GDPR.

d. Without prejudice to Clauses 7 (Mediation and Jurisdiction) and 9 (Governing Law)
of the Standard Contractual Clauses, this Addendum will be governed by the laws of the
country or territory stipulated in the Agreement.

e. Should any provision of this Addendum be invalid or unenforceable, then the
remainder of this Addendum shall remain valid and in force. The invalid or unenforceable
provision shall be either (i) amended as necessary to ensure its validity and enforceability,
while preserving the parties’ intentions as closely as possible or, if this is not possible, (ii)
construed in a manner as if the invalid or unenforceable part had never been contained
therein.

Page 6 of 10

ANNEX 1

DETAILS OF PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA

This Annex includes certain details of the processing of Personal Data:
Subject matter and duration of the processing of Personal Data

The subject matter and duration of the processing of the Personal Data are set out in the Agreement
(including the Addendum).

The nature and purpose of the processing of Personal Data

The nature and purpose of the processing of Personal Data are set out in the Agreement (including
the Addendum).

The types of Personal Data to be processed

The Personal Data collected, Processed and used by the Processor on behalf of the Controller
concern the following categories of Personal Data:

1. First and last name

2. Business / private Address

3. Business / private Postal code / zip code

4, Business / private Telephone number

5. Business / private Email address

6. Legal information of the Controller concerning its legal matter and fees/spend

information, in so far as they are Personal Data

7. Each Controller's users (employees and vendors) contact profile; the information of
each Controller's end-users including email, phone numbers; related information such as
documents (including contracts, emails, voice mails and other audible files, and other
materials saved in Processor’'s matter management, billing, and document management
system), reports, invoices and other data in electronic form

& The data from the Controller's software applications such as logs, auditing data, data
from monitoring tools and access to machines hosting these applications

9. Use data [i.e., about use of applications or websites; user logs]
10. Internet protocol (IP) address

11. Application initiated communications - content data [e.g. email]
The categories of data subject to whom the Personal Data relates

The Personal Data Processed concern the following categories of Data Subjects:

Page 7 of 9

data exporter’s Clients; Client representatives; prospects; employees; contractors; vendors;
other Data Subjects in context of correspondence with Controller, e.g. Data Subjects working for
authorities or representatives of Data Subjects (e.g. law firms, consumer associations or
insolvency administrators) and correspond with Controller or its employees; any other person
who interacts with Controller.

ANNEX 2
INFORMATION SECURITY

This Annex describes the Technical and Organizational Security Measures and procedures that the
Processor shall, as a minimum, maintain to protect the security of Personal Data created, collected,
received, or otherwise obtained.

General: Technical and organizational security measures can be considered as state of the art
per the conclusion of the Services Agreement.
The Processor will evaluate technical and organizational security measures over time,
considering costs for implementation, nature, scope, context and purposes of
Processing, and the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms
of natural persons.

 

 

 

Detailed technical measures: Processor’s Modularity/ Certification
proposition: Optionality available
Pseudonymization of data Scripts and tools are |At controller’s None
used to request data can be
pseudoanonymize pseudoanonymized
data.
Encryption of data Data in-transit is Encryption at rest The Vormetric
encrypted using SSL/ Jusing our Vormetric appliance is
SFTP standards. appliance is an NIST
optionally available |Cryptographic
Data at-rest is feature which is Algorithm
encrypted using AES [available at the Validation
256 standard. request of ourdata_ _|Program
Encryption requires | controllers certified
both parties to enable number 4845

these features.

 

Ability to ensure ongoing confidentiality,|ISO 27001 andCSA |Noneasthisapplies {ISO 27001

  

integrity, availability, and resilience of|STAR certifications —_|to all systems and Certification
Processing systems and services along with annual SOC|services and STAR
1 Type 2 and SOC 2 Certification

Type 2 audits ensure
the CIA of our

 

 

 

 

 

 

Page 8 of 9

 

processing systems
and services

 

Ability to restore the availability and access to
the Personal Data in a timely manner in the

Annually tested and
revised business

None as this applies
to all systems and

ISO 27001
Certification

 

 

event of a physical or technical incident continuity and services. and CSA STAR
disaster recovery Certification
plans.

Process for regularly testing, assessing and|ISO27001andCSA _ |Noneasthis applies [ISO 27001

evaluating the effectiveness of technical and|STAR certifications {to all systems and Certifice

organizational measures for ensuring the
security of the Processing.

 

along with annual SOC
1 Type 2 and SOC 2
Type 2 audits ensure
regular testing,
assessing and
evaluating the
effectiveness of
technical and
organizational
measures for ensuring
the security of the
processing.
Specifically, our ISO
27001 statement of
applicability requires
us to regularly test the
technical and
organizational
controls we have in
place.

 

services.

  

 

 

Page 9 of 9

 

Norma Group Holding GmbH (CLM) Master
Subscription Services Agmt and DPA

Final Audit Report 2019-09-20

Created: 2019-09-20
By: Lisa.Coppola@wolterskluwer.com
Status: Signed

Transaction ID: CBJCHBCAABAAZ83xGm2z9fMkOjLhRGac3VOsYpHohmip

"Norma Group Holding GmbH (CLM) Master Subscription Servic
es Agmt and DPA" History

=) Document created by Lisa.Coppola@wolterskluwer.com
2019-09-20 - 2:15:55 PM GMT- IP address: 174.63.38.93

1

“3 Document emailed to Daniel Mellitt (dan.mellitt@wolterskluwer.com) for signature
2019-09-20 - 2:16:42 PM GMT

=) Email viewed by Daniel Mellitt (dan.mellitt@wolterskluwer.com)

2019-09-20 - 2:17:29 PM GMT- IP address: 160.109.104.131

© Document e-signed by Daniel Mellitt (dan.mellitt@wolterskluwer.com)
Signature Date: 2019-09-20 - 2:17:56 PM GMT - Time Source: server- IP address: 160.109.104.131

© Signed document emailed to elmslegalreviewreq@wolterskluwer.com, chris.vancollie@wolterskluwer.com, Tim
Sparks (tsparks@clmmatrix.com), Lisa.Coppola@wolterskluwer.com, and 1 more
2019-09-20 - 2:17:56 PM GMT

INGRAM OWERED BY
| sie se

Partner Smart

 

 

