
DocuSign Envelope ID: F2FFED7C-CDBC-4148-A33A-F8E50F4E339A

EE matrix

Master Subscription Services Agreement

This Master Subscription Services Agreement (“Agreement”) is between CLM Matrix and Affiliates, a Texas corporation and its affiliates

(collectively “CLM Matrix”), and Parsons Services Company, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, a Texas corporation (Customer) and is dated
as of the date of last signature.

1)

2)

3)

4)

CONTRACT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT SERVICE. This Agreement provides Customer access to a proprietary online subscription service
consisting of an Internet based contract lifecycle management system which includes the following functionality:

- Contract Modeling - ability to input contract metadata into the system

- Contract Portal - role-based repository of contract information in tabular form

- Contract Monitoring and Tracking - ability to perform user defined ad hoc reporting

- Rule and Policy Based Workflow - ability for alerts notifications and reminders based on critical contract dates and obligations.

- Template and Clause Library Management and Automation - Automation of contract generation process. (Matrix Enterprise only)

CLM Matrix will provide this functionality through a secure website portal [URL] provided by CLM Matrix within a hosted server
environment and under the terms below (Service). This Agreement contemplates one or more orders for the Services, which orders are
governed by the terms of this Agreement and will describe the Services ordered in more detail (which may include a setup statement of
work). Customer may allow its worldwide employees, third-party auditors, agents, and contractors (the “Authorized Users”) to access the
Services in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, which access must be for the sole benefit of Customer. Customer and its
Authorized Users may access and use the Platform (i) only for the transmission, processing, review and routing of information for the
Customer’s own internal business purposes, and not on an outsourcing basis, for resale, or similarly on behalf of or for the direct or
indirect benefit of third parties, and (ii) only in accordance with the other terms of the Agreement. Customer is responsible for the
compliance with this Agreement by its employees and contractors.

 

USE OF SERVICES.

a). CLM Matrix Responsibilities. CLM Matrix shall (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Services available, except for
(x) scheduled outages, or (y) unavailability caused by force majeure, (ii) maintain commercially reasonable information security
measures and policies designed to safeguard the security of Customer Data and protect against known or anticipated threats to the
security of Customer Data, and (iii) provide customer support for the Services at no additional charge using the Support Portal at:
https://support.clmmatrix.com/support/clmmatrix1

 

b). Customer Responsibilities. Customer (i) is responsible for maintenance of Customer Data, (ii) must use commercially reasonable
efforts to prevent unauthorized access to the Services, and notify CLM Matrix promptly of any such unauthorized access, and (iii)
may use the Services only in accordance with the CLM Matrix user guide and applicable law. Customer shall not permit any third-
party users to use the Services in any way whatsoever without the prior written consent of CLM Matrix.

Customer may not (w) sell, resell, rent or lease the Services, (x) use the Services to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise
unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party rights, (y) interfere with or disrupt the
integrity or performance of the Services, or (z) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or their related systems or
networks.

PAYMENT TERMS. Customer must pay all undisputed fees within thirty (30) days of the invoice date of a digitally submitted invoice from
CLM Matrix. Customer is responsible for sales, use and other similar taxes. Should Customer dispute an invoice or part thereof, Customer
shall notify CLM Matrix and parties will in good faith endeavor to resolve the dispute. Customer shall pay any undisputed portion of the
invoice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Payment for first month service must be received prior to activation of the
Services.

WARRANTY/SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT and REMEDY.

a). CLM Matrix Limited Warranty. CLM Matrix warrants to Customer (i) that commercially reasonable efforts will be made to provide
access to the Services for a minimum of availability in any given month as provided in the chart below (excluding scheduled outages),
(ii) the functionality of the Services will not materially decrease, (iii) and the customer support will not materially degrade.

Availability Credit
-99.5 orhigher= No Credit.

- 99.4 -95% = 5 % of monthly fee.
- 94.99 - 90% = 10 % of monthly fee.
- Less than 90% = 15 % of monthly fee.

b). Limited Remedy and Disclaimer. Customer's exclusive remedy and CLM Matrix’s sole cbligation for breach of the warranty in (a)(i)
immediately above will be for CLM Matrix to provide a credit as provided in the chart above (if this Agreement is not renewed, then
arefund of fees prepaid by Customer but not used), for the month in question; provided that Customer notifies CLM Matrix of such
breach within 30 days of the end of the month in question. EXCEPT AS STATED IN SECTION_4(a) THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS
IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. CLM Matrix DISCLAIMS AND EXCLUDES ANY AND ALL
OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 07/01/19 Page 1 of 6
Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

DocuSign Envelope ID: F2FFED7C-CDBC-4148-A33A-F8E50F4E339A

5)

6)

MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, IRRESPECTIVE OF ANY COURSE OF DEALING OR PERFORMANCE,
CUSTOM OR USAGE OF TRADE. CLM MATRIX DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES OR ANY COMPONENT THEREOF WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED, THAT ITS USE OR OPERATION WILL BE ERROR OR DEFECT FREE, THAT THE SERVICES OR ANY COMPONENT
THEREOF WILL ALWAYS BE At IBLE OR AVAILABLE. CUSTOMER WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SELECTION, USE
AND SUITABILITY OF THE SERVI AND MATRIX WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY THEREFOR.

 

  

MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY.

a).

b).

c).

Definition of Confidential Information. Confidential Information means all non-public information disclosed by a party
(Discloser) to the other party (Recipient) pursuant to this Agreement and proprietary information regarding the Services, whether
orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of
the information and the circumstances of disclosure (Confidential Information). CLM Matrix’s Confidential Information includes
the Services.

Protection of Confidential Information. The Recipient must use the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality
of its own confidential information of like kind (but in no event less than reasonable care) not to disclose or use any Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement. The Recipient must make commercially
reasonable efforts to limit access to Confidential Information of Discloser to those of its and its affiliates’ employees, [contractors]
and agents who need such access for purposes consistent with this Agreement and who have signed confidentiality Agreements with
Recipient no less restrictive than the confidentiality terms of this Agreement.

Exclusions. Confidential Information excludes information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of
any obligation owed by Recipient to Discloser, (ii) was known to the Recipient prior to its disclosure by the Discloser without breach
of any obligation owed by Recipient to the Discloser, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to
Discloser, or (iv) was independently developed by the Recipient without use or access to the Confidential Information.

PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.

Reservation of Rights by CLM Matrix. The software, workflow processes, and other technologies provided by CLM Matrix as part of the
Services including, without limitation, related tutorials and documentation, and also including, without limitation, all improvements,
enhancements, modifications, Customer-specific upgrades, or updates to the Services, developed by either party, solely or jointly are the
proprietary property of CLM Matrix and Customer .

7)

a).

b).

c).

Customer Restrictions. Customer may not:

i. reverse engineer the Services or the Licensed Documentation (defined below);

ii. remove or modify any proprietary marking or restrictive legends in the Service; or

iii, access the Service to (w) build a competitive product or service, or (x) copy any feature, function or graphic of the Service for
competitive purposes,

Customer Data. All uploaded data under Customer's account remains the sole property of Customer, as between CLM Matrix and
Customer (Customer Data). Customer grants CLM Matrix a non-exclusive term license to use, modify, copy and prepare derivate
works of the Customer Data for purposes of CLM Matrix performing under this Agreement. CLM Matrix will at any time, but no more
than once a month, provide the Customer Data to Customer (upon request) for an administrative fee of $500.00.

Licensed Documentation. If a Product User Guide and other CLM Matrix product documentations are provided to the Customer
they are licensed to Customer as follows: CLM Matrix grants Customer a non-exclusive, worldwide, license for the duration of the
Services to such material for Customer's internal use solely with the Services, with the right to make additional copies of the material
for such duration and purpose (Licensed Documentation).

EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

a).

b).

Exclusion of Certain Damages. NEITHER CLM Matrix NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, DISTRIBUTORS, AGENTS, SUBCONTRACTORS,
LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS WILL HAVE ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR ANY
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF SALES, PROFITS, BUSINESS, GOODWILL, OR DATA AND ANY FAILURE OF DELIVERY OF THE
SERVICES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, FINES, COSTS, EXPENSES AND
OTHER LIABILITIES, AND/OR THE SAME ARE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.

 

Limitation of Liability. THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF CLM MATRIX AND ITS AFFILIATES, DISTRIBUTORS, AGENTS,
SUBCONTRACTORS, LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND
ANY OTHER CAUSE WHATSOEVER, SHALL NOT EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS UNDER OR IN RELATION
TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE TOTAL FEES PAID BY CUSTOMER TO CLM MATRIX IN THE TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE
DATE ON WHICH THE FIRST CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE, LESS AGGREGATE DAMAGES PREVIOUSLY PAID BY CLM MATRIX
OR ITS AFFILIATES.

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 07/01/19 Page 2 of 6
Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

DocuSign Envelope ID: F2FFED7C-CDBC-4148-A33A-F8E50F4E339A

8) TERM, TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION OF SERVICE.

a). Term. The initial term for this order is one year (“Initial Term”). Parties shall renew said Agreement upon mutual written request
and negotiation. This Agreement shall automatically be renewed for additional one (1) year terms (each a “Renewal Term” and,
together with the Initial Term, the “Term”), unless either party gives the other not less than 60 (sixty) days’ prior written notice of
its intent to terminate this Agreement effective as of the end of the then-current Term

b). Mutual Termination for Material Breach. If either party is in breach of any material term of this Agreement, the other party may
terminate this Agreement at the end of a written 30-day notice/cure period, if the breach has not been cured.

i. Actions upon Termination.
(w) Upon any termination as provided in 8(b) above by Customer, CLM Matrix must refund any prepaid fees not earned by CLM
Matrix covering the remainder of the Term of that order.

(x) Upon any termination as provided in 8(b) above by CLM Matrix, Customer must pay any outstanding and unpaid fees covering
the remainder of the Term for all work performed through the termination date issuance of an invoice for such work performed
and destroy all CLM Matrix property. Customer upon request will confirm that it has complied with these requirements.

c). Return of Customer Data. Within 60 days after termination or expiration of an order, this Agreement or both, CLM Matrix will, upon
request, provide the Customer Data to Customer (to the extent Customer has not already deleted such information from the Services).
After a 60-day period following such termination, CLM Matrix has no obligation to maintain any of the Customer Data.

Suspension of Service for Violations of Law. CLM Matrix may notify Customer and immediately suspend the Services and remove
applicable Customer Data upon reasonable knowledge or belief or upon notice from a Government Agency of an alleged illegal conduct
by Customer as it related to CLM matrix’s Services.

9) GOVERNING LAW AND EXCLUSIVE FORUM. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the
internal substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to any other laws that would require the application of
the laws of another jurisdiction. Application of the U.N. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is hereby
excluded. The parties agree that all actions and proceedings arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be brought
only in a state or federal court located in New York, New York, and the parties hereby consent to such venue and to the
jurisdiction of such courts over the subject matter of such proceeding and themselves. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ITS
RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISPUTE OR LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF.

10) CLM Matrix may use Customer's name and logo in customer lists and related promotional materials describing Customer as a customer
of CLM Matrix, which use must be in accordance with Customer's trademark guidelines and policies.

MISCELLANEOUS OTHER TERMS. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties, and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous negotiations or Agreements, whether oral or written, related to this subject matter. - No modification or waiver of any term
of this Agreement is effective unless both parties sign it. - Neither party shall have the power to assign, license, or sub-license any of its rights
or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Any assignment,
license, or sub-license attempted without such consent shall be void. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party may assign this Agreement to an
Affiliate (defined below) of such party provided that any such assignment shall not release the assigning party from its obligations under this
Agreement. “Affiliate” means any entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under
common control with, a party provided it notifies in writing to the Customer of such assignment Sixty (60) days prior. The parties are
independent contractors with respect to each other. Customer is responsible for licensing all necessary third-party software. - If any term of
this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the other terms remain in effect. - If there is any inconsistency between this Agreement and the
order, the order will govern. - CLM Matrix rejects additional or conflicting terms of a form purchasing document. If there is an inconsistency
between this Agreement and an order, the order prevails. - Any terms that by their nature survive termination or expiration of this Agreement,
will survive.

Parsons Services Company CLM Waa
DocuSigned by:
Eddic (dene —

Eddie Cedeno Venkatasubramanian Santhanaraman

Name: Name:

Title: Acting VP Procurement Title: VP - Finance

Date: 478/2020 Date: Mar 31, 2020

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 07/01/19 Page 3 of 6

Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

DocuSign Envelope ID: F2FFED7C-CDBC-4148-A33A-F8E50F4E339A

CLM Matrix Subscription Services Agreement

Schedule A

Schedule A is attached to and becomes, upon execution by both parties below, a part of the CLM Matrix Subscription Services Agreement between
such parties and sets forth the specific terms and conditions relating to the Subscription Services listed below:

 

Effective License Date

Date of signature below

 

Licensed Software

Matrix Enterprise v16.x SaaS

 

Software Format

Object

 

Operating Platform

Microsoft

 

License Type

Subscription as a Service

 

Number of Copies of Licensed Material

One (1) production environment.

 

Separate Dev/Test Configuration Environment

Included

 

Subscription Term

1-year - Auto renewing annually thereafter with 60-day written cancellation notice required

 

Base Subscription Fee/Year

$137,544/year

 

Annual Software Maintenance

Included

 

User Counts

Contract Administrator: 3
Contract Contributor: 100
Contract Consumer: 500

 

Invoicing and Payment Terms

Subscription Services will be invoiced quarterly beginning upon license date.
Payment terms are Net 30 days. Past due accts subject to 18% interest or max amt. allowed by law.

 

Optional CLM Matrix Functionality
(Identify optional functionality requested
below. Additional fees may apply.)

0- Graphical BI Reporting Wizard

0- Legacy Metadata Migration Wizard
0-Legacy Document Migration Wizard
0 - Multi-Language Wizard

1- Web Service Integration Wizard
0-Salesforce/Dynamics CRM Wizard
0—DocuSign Integration Wizard
0-Single Sign-On

Graphical BI Reporting Wizard - $3,000/year

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Legacy Metadata Migration Wizard —$2,400/year

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Legacy Document Migration Wizard - $2,400/year

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Multi-Language Wizard - $3,600/year

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Web Service Integration Wizard - $3,000/year

Professional services required for installation, set-up and configuration.

Salesforce/Dynamics CRM Connector - $3,000/year

~ 40 hours of Professional Services required for installation, set-up and configuration.

DocuSign Integration Wizard - $2,700/year

~ 15 hours of Professional Services required for installation, set-up and configuration.

Single Sign-On — no additional license charge but requires 3 party SSO (ADFS, OKTA etc.) and ~ 15-
30 hours of Professional Services required for set-up and configuration.

Additional Dev Environment — one Dev environment included in SaaS pricing above. $835/month
each additional Dev environment.

 

Total Annual Subscription Fee Including
Optional Wizards

$137,544/year - includes Web Service Integration Wizard

 

Training Services

Not included with Subscription Services. Priced separately.

 

Export Control Restrictions

US Only

 

Additional Computing Resources

Resources (processor capacity, RAM, etc.) required for seasonal performance tuning, increases in
user counts, to accommodate document storage growth over time, etc. can be provided upon
customer request. Additional costs apply.

 

To Be Delivered To

 

 

100 W. WALNUT STREET CA PASADENA, CA 91124

 

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 07/01/19
Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

Page 4 of 6

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F2FFED7C-CDBC-4148-A33A-F8E50F4E339A

CLM Matrix MSSA
Schedule B
Software Maintenance and Support

Maintenance Fee:

Annual Software Maintenance is included in the monthly software license subscription cost.

Maintenance Coverage:

Under this Maintenance program customers whose monthly software subscription is fully paid will receive the following product

coverage:

a. Access to all new functionality releases for the product licensed typically published as point releases (e.g. v10.x)

b. Access to all bug fix releases for the product licensed typically published as point releases (e.g. 10.x)

c. Access to all new major releases for the product licensed typically published as with major version number change (e.g., 10.x.x
to 11.x.x)

d. Problem reporting and response times are defined below in the Service Level table below.

Customer Support Overview:
e 24x 7 Web-based support that offers access to software and utility upgrades, documentation, release notes and technical
FAQ
e Email and telephone support
e¢ On-site support services (additional charges apply)

As part of its SaaS subscription software maintenance agreement, the customer will receive online, email and telephone software
support for the licensed product as defined in the table in Schedule A. Software support is defined as those issues whose root cause
is CLM Matrix source code related (software bugs, bug fixes, patches, etc.). Issues involving conflicts with customer system or
network issues, third party software/hardware, Matrix wizard configuration, Matrix application settings are defined as professional
services and will be invoiced at the agreed upon professional services hourly rate.

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 07/01/19 Page 5 of 6
Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

DocuSign Envelope ID: F2FFED7C-CDBC-4148-A33A-F8E50F4E339A

STANDARD SERVICE LEVELS FOR SOFTWARE SUPPORT

 

Severity Level

A- Critical

B — Serious

C-—Important

D-Minor

E-Monitor

Definition

Product down

Development down or production impacted but
not down

Important problem that does not have significant
current productivity impact

Minor problem that does not have impact on
current development or productivity

Issues requiring no further action beyond
monitoring for follow-up as needed

POST IMPLEMENTATION SOFTWARE SUPPORT

Off-Site Support

Online Support

Email/Telephone Support

After Hours Support

Onsite Support

First Response

Immediate upon email notification
Immediate upon email notification
Within 4 hours or less upon email
notification

Within 6 hours or less

Within 8 hours or less

Software Support Availability Pricing
24/7 Included
8AM — 5PM CST Included
Monday - Friday 3 hrs./month software support included with
Software Maintenance. $225/hour thereafter
As requested $250/hour
As requested $225/hour

CLM Matrix Master Subscription Services Agreement Rev. 07/01/19
Copyright © 2019 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

Page 6 of 6

EXHIBIT C: PRIVACY AND DATA PROTECTION

Privacy and Data Protection

This exhibit governs instances when CLM Matrix stores, processes or generates data on behalf of Customer or its Affiliates (Hitherto
referred to as “Parsons”), or has access to a Parsons’ owned/operated information system in connection with this Agreement; project;
contract; statement of work (SOW); task order; purchase order; or other document governing the provision of information systems,
services and/or deliverables by CLM Matrix to Parsons.

The requirements in this exhibit are in addition to any confidentiality obligations between Parsons and CLM Matrix. Parsons or the
applicable Parsons Affiliate who are controller of the information being stored, processed, accessed or transiting the system or Service
acquired in this Agreement, pursuant to the contract document, may enforce the terms of this exhibit.

Part A: Collecting, Processing and Sharing Parsons Data

CLM Matrix acknowledges and agrees that, in the course of its engagement by Parsons; it may receive or have access to controlled or
sensitive information in Parsons’ custody. CLM Matrix shall comply with the terms and conditions set forth herein in its collection, receipt,
transmission, storage, disposal, use and disclosure of such Parsons’ data in accordance with the Agreement. CLM Matrix shall implement
appropriate organizational, procedural, technical, and physical measures (controls) to ensure the availability, integrity and confidentiality
of Parsons’ data and to prevent accidental, unauthorized or unlawful destruction, alteration, disclosure or access, modification or loss;
misuse; or unlawful processing of Parsons’ data. CLM Matrix is responsible for compliance with this appendix by all CLM Matrix personnel
and its subcontractors.

Part B: Information Security Controls
Note: Any words following the terms “including,” “include,” “e.g.,” “for example” or any similar expression are for illustration purposes
only.

1.0 Organizational and Security Controls

11 Security Program Governance, Policies and Technologies

CLM Matrix will establish and maintain an information security program and provide all contracted services, using security technologies
and techniques inline with industry practices, e.g., (National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), Control Objectives for
Information and Related Technology (COBIT) or International Organization for Standardization (ISO)) including those relating to the
prevention and detection of fraud and any other inappropriate use or access of systems and networks. In the event CLM Matrix processes
Parsons’ data that is subject to additional regulatory, contractual or legal requirements, the parties agree to amend this exhibit to align
with such compliance requirements.

CLM Matrix shall maintain, document, communicate, upon request, and comply with written information security policies and procedures
consistent with the requirements of this appendix.

1.2 Network and Systems Security

CLM Matrix will implement and use network management and maintenance applications and tools, appropriate fraud prevention and
detection, and data confidentiality/protection/encryption technologies. This shall include mechanisms to identify and remediate
vulnerabilities, and apply security patches. CLM Matrix will also logically separate different customers’ data. Additionally, CLM Matrix will
implement and follow security best practices for system and network administration in accordance with recognized standards

1.3 Physical Access and Protection

CLM Matrix will implement physical security practices in accordance with best practices. Data centers as well as facilities, including cargo
handling, storage facilities and workspaces, must be protected against unauthorized access. Physical access must be monitored,
recorded, and controlled with physical access rights reviewed annually.

CLM Matrix will maintain adequate controls around issuance and removal of employee, visitor and vendor identification badges, if utilized.

Any back-up media containing Parsons’ data stored at CLM Matrix's site shall be kept in a secure location with restricted physical access
and be encrypted if technically feasible. If off-site media storage is used, CLM Matrix shall have a media check-in/check-out process with
locked storage for transportation. Unless a disaster recovery (DR) program is otherwise set forth in more detail elsewhere in the contract
document, CLM Matrix shall maintain a DR program for all CLM Matrix information systems and facilities used to provide Services under
the contract document to Parsons. The DR program shall be designed to ensure that CLM Matrix has a methodology by which a system
can continue to function through an operational interruption or disaster.

1.4 Information Access

CLM Matrix and its Personnel shall comply with these terms regarding data access, privacy and security, including those prohibiting or
restricting local, network or remote access to the Parsons' systems and data in the performance of the Services. Access to systems and
data should only be in connection with the obligations provided in this agreement. Parsons’ data shall not be processed on personal
accounts (e.g., individual email or cloud services accounts) or on personally-owned computers, devices, or media.

1.5 Identity and Data Access Management

Parsons will authorize, and CLM Matrix will issue, any necessary information access mechanisms, including access identities (IDs) and
passwords to Parson's system if necessary for CLM Matrix to provide the Services, and CLM Matrix agrees that the Personnel to whom
they are issued will use the same mechanisms. CLM Matrix will provide these Personnel only with the minimum level of access necessary
to perform the tasks and functions for which they are responsible. CLM Matrix will provision an individually assigned account that requires
periodic password changes in automated systems.

1.6 Security Monitoring, Incident Response
CLM Matrix will have policies and procedures for security monitoring and incident response, define points of contact on for both Suppler
and Parsons; establish monitoring and response procedures; set escalation thresholds; and conduct awareness training.

1.7 Auditing
Parsons reserves the right to conduct an audit, upon 90 days advance notice, of CLM Matrix's compliance with the requirements in this
agreement.

1.8 Safety
CLM Matrix understands that safety is a high priority and a material element of how the CLM Matrix delivers Services. CLM Matrix,
therefore, agrees to follow Parsons’ published and/or posted safety policies when at the Parsons’ facilities.

2.0 Privacy Controls

2.1 Notification and Mitigation

In the event of any impermissible disclosure, loss or destruction of information subject to this exhibit, CLM Matrix must promptly notify
Parsons and take all reasonable steps to mitigate any potential harm or further disclosure, loss or destruction of such confidential
information.

Part C: Termination

CLM Matrix shall within 30 (thirty) days of termination of the Agreement, or if requested during the Term of the Agreement, cease all
processing of Parsons data and return to Parsons or destroy all copies of Parsons data in its possession. In lieu of returning copies,
Parsons may, at its sole discretion, require CLM Matrix to destroy all copies of Parsons’ data, using agreed upon methods to ensure such
Parsons data is not recoverable, and certify, upon request, to such destruction.

CLM Matrix may continue to retain Parsons data beyond the period prescribed where required by law, provided that (i) CLM Matrix notifies
Parsons prior to the Agreement’s termination or expiration of the obligation, including the specific reasons for such retention; (ii) CLM
Matrix has a documented retention period and secure deletion procedure for such copies and legally required copies retained only to the
end of their legally required retention period; (iii) following such period, all copies and back-up copies are deleted in such a manner that
they are not recoverable; (iv) CLM Matrix performs no processing of Parsons data other than that necessitated by retaining or deleting
the relevant copies; and (v) CLM Matrix continues to comply with all the requirements of this exhibit in relation to any such retained
Parsons data until the same is securely deleted and a proof of such disposal provided to Parsons.

Termination or expiration of the Agreement, for any reason, shall not relieve the CLM Matrix from obligations to continue to protect
Parsons’ data against the impermissible disclosure in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and this exhibit until such a time as
Parsons’ data has been returned or destroyed, as applicable.

Part D: Supply Chain Security Compliance

1. Industry Certification
CLM Matrix must ensure that all CLM Matrix’s and applicable subcontractor facilities involved in the distribution, handling, warehousing,
transporting or shipping of Parsons goods meet all security standards documented above and all applicable local regulations.

Prior to Parsons acquiring systems and/or services and execution of this Agreement, the CLM Matrix will provide a letter verifying its
supply chain security certification in any industry recognized program it participates in. If not certified, CLM Matrix must complete a
Parsons Third Party Security and Compliance Questionnaire to confirm that its procedures and security measures comply with minimum
criteria established by Parsons. CLM Matrix will send completed questionnaire to the Parsons’ business sponsor for review by Parsons
Security organization.

2. Subcontractor Compliance
CLM Matrix agrees to use certified subcontractors to the extent possible. CLM Matrix shall have documented procedures for the selection
of its subcontractors. In the event, that a subcontractor cannot comply with these terms, CLM Matrix may use companies that have agreed
in writing to follow these supply chain security guidelines and will promptly notify Parsons of such usage. If no subcontractor who can
comply is available, CLM Matrix will promptly contact Parsons for direction.

Part E: Miscellaneous

Parsons may require CLM Matrix to provide certain personal information such as the name, address, telephone number, and email
address of CLM Matrix’s representatives to facilitate the performance of the contract document, and Parsons and its contractors may
store such data in databases located and accessible globally by their personnel and use it for necessary purposes in connection with the
performance of the Agreement, including but not limited to, CLM Matrix payment administration. Parsons will be the controller of this data
for legal purposes, and agrees to use reasonable technical and organizational measures to ensure that such information is processed in
conformity with applicable data protection laws. CLM Matrix may obtain a copy of the CLM Matrix personal information by written request
or submit updates and corrections by written notice to Parsons. Parsons will comply at all times with all federal, state or local law,
regulation pertaining to privacy of such information.

Part F: Parsons Definitions

Controlled Information (Cl): Information where an applicable federal, state or local law, regulation or government-wide policy requires
protection or restricts access. Disclosure of this information could result in fines, penalties, suspension, debarment or criminal prosecution.
Examples include, but are not limited to: Personal Identifiable Information (PII), information covered by the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI), International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and Export
Administration Regulations (EAR).

a. Personal Information (SPI): A category of Cl and includes any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person

(data subject), as defined under applicable law. Legal entities are data subjects required by law.

b. Sensitive Personal Information. A category of Privacy Information (Pl) considered to be especially sensitive and includes medical
records and other personal health or biometric information, including protected health information (PHI), as defined in and subject to
the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) of 1996; personal bank account, payment card information, and
other financial account information. This includes: credit report information: with or without any required security code, access code,
personal identification number, or password that would permit access to an individual's financial account, customer bank account,
and payment card information; government issued identification number (including social security number, driver's license number
or state-issued identified number); and special data categories of data under applicable data protection law (such as race, nationality,
political opinions, trade union membership, home life, and sexual orientation).

Controlled Technical Information: Technical information with military or space application that is subject to controls on the access, use,
reproduction, modification, performance, display, release, disclosure, or dissemination. controlled technical information would meet the
criteria, if disseminated, for distribution statements B through F using the criteria set forth in DoD Instruction 5230.24, Distribution
Statements on Technical Documents. The term does not include information that is lawfully publicly available without restrictions.

Enterprise IT Assets: All information processing, storage, networking, and communications equipment, including printers, copiers, and
end user devices (portable or not); those owned and/or operated by Parsons and housed within Parsons’ physical facilities; or provided
by third parties under contract, and information that resides on or transits through them.

Export Control Information: Unclassified information concerning certain items, commodities, technology, software, or other information
whose export could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the United States national security and nonproliferation objectives. To
include dual use items; items identified in export administration regulations, international traffic in arms regulations, and munitions list;
license applications; and sensitive nuclear technology information.

Information System: A discrete set of information resources organized for the collection, processing, maintenance, use sharing,
dissemination, or disposition of information. Information systems also include specialized systems such as industrial/process control
systems, telephone switching, and private branch exchange (PBX) systems and environmental control systems.

Mobile Devices: Tablets, smartphones, and similar devices running mobile operating systems. Laptops are not considered Mobile
Devices.

Parsons: Parsons Corporation or a Parsons Corporation Affiliate signing the contract document with CLM Matrix.
Process(ing): To perform any operation or set of operations on Parsons data, whether or not by automatic means, including but not

limited to, collecting, recording, organizing, storing, adapting or altering, retrieving, accessing, consulting, using, disclosing by
transmission, disseminating, or otherwise making available, aligning or combining, blocking, erasing, or destroying.

Security Incident: An occurrence that actually or potentially (‘potentially’ in this instance means an event which causes CLM Matrix to
reasonably believe that Parsons Cl under CLM Matrix’s control has been subject to unauthorized access in a manner which would require
reporting the event to Parsons under a data protection law) results in adverse consequences or compromise to an information system or
information that the system processes, stores, or transmits, and may require a response action to mitigate the consequences..

Sensitive Information (SI): Information that is marked or offered as proprietary, sensitive or company confidential or is valuable to either
party.

Examples include, but are not limited to: Proposal materials, pricing or estimating information, financial information, a party's intellectual
property, merger and acquisition documents, confidential customer information and information identified as company confidential or
sensitive by the corporation or a business unit.

CLM Matrix: Organization or individual that enters into an agreement with the Parsons for the supply of a product or service. This
includes all suppliers in the supply chain. Includes (i) developers or manufacturers of information systems, system components, or
information system services; (ii) vendors; and (iii) product resellers. (From: NIST 800-167)

CLM Matrix Information System(s) means any CLM Matrix systems and/or computers used to process Parsons’ data pursuant to the
contract document, which includes laptops and network devices, cloud services, Software as a Service (SaaS), Infrastructure as a Service
(laaS), and Platform as a Service (PaaS).

CLM Matrix Personnel means all persons or entities providing services and/or deliverables under the contract document, including CLM
Matrix's employees, permitted Affiliates, suppliers, contractors, subcontractors and agents, as well as anyone directly or indirectly
employed or retained by any of them to provide Services.

DocuSign Envelope ID: F2FFED7C-CDBC-4148-A33A-F8E50F4E339A

 

 

Parsons (CLM) MSSA 033120

Final Audit Report 2020-03-31

Created: 2020-03-31
By: Lisa.Coppola@wolterskluwer.com
Status: Signed

Transaction ID: CBJCHBCAABAA-NpTyR8ugY Gtw--baHCrqoAv6cV0zmuu

"Parsons (CLM) MSSA 033120" History

5

B

 

Document created by Lisa.Coppola@wolterskluwer.com
2020-03-31 - 5:15:04 PM GMT- IP address: 99.12.220.249

Document emailed to Venkatasubramanian Santhanaraman (v.santhanaraman@wolterskluwer.com) for
signature
2020-03-31 - 5:18:02 PM GMT

Email viewed by Venkatasubramanian Santhanaraman (v.santhanaraman@wolterskluwer.com)
2020-03-31 - 5:18:29 PM GMT- IP address: 76.31.157.100

Document e-signed by Venkatasubramanian Santhanaraman (v.santhanaraman@wolterskluwer.com)
Signature Date: 2020-03-31 - 5:18:50 PM GMT - Time Source: server- IP address: 76.31.157.100

Signed document emailed to christopher.fitch@wolterskluwer.com, Venkatasubramanian
Santhanaraman (v.santhanaraman@wolterskluwer.com), elmslegalreviewreq@wolterskluwer.com,
Lisa.Coppola@wolterskluwer.com, and 3 more

2020-03-31 - 5:18:50 PM GMT

