
B nctrix

1. AGREEMENT. This Master Consulting Agreement (this “Agreement’) by and
between Woodward, Inc. on behalf of its subsidiaries.and affiliates (‘Customer’)
and CLM Matrix, a Texas corporation (‘CLM Matrix") (each, a “Party’, and
collectively, “Parties”) is made and entered into when duly executed by both
Parties (the “Effective Date”). CLM Matrix will provide to Customer Consulting
Services ("Services") in accordance with the terms and conditions stated in this
Agreement and more specifically described in the attached Statement of Work
(‘sow).

2. TERM. This Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue through
December 31, 2020 (the, “Term”) subject to the termination rights herein. At the
end of the Term, any SOW already executed by the parties shall remain in effect
and this Agreement shall continue in effect as to such SOW.

3. TERMINATION. If either party materially breaches a material provision of this
Agreement, the other party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days’
notice unless the breach is cured within the notice pericd. Customer may terminate
this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, upon thirty (30) days’ notice.
Customer shall, upon such termination, pay CLM Matrix all unpaid amounts due
for Services completed prior to notice of termination.

4. SOW. All CLM Matrix Services shall be rendered pursuant to the SOW. Tothe
extent of any conflictorinconsistencybetween the terms and conditions of a SOW
and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the terms and conditions of the
SOW will control. Each SOW shall be in writing, signed by both parties, and refer
specifically to this Agreement. Both parties recognize that certain SOW may
require periodic amendments, including adjustments to either partys staffing
and/or fees. lf such adjustments are necessary, both parties will use all
commerciallyreasonable efforts to accommodate such adjustments as they arise.
Any amendments mustbe in writing and signed by both parties.

5. PROJECT ORGANIZATION. Each Project shall be organized and staffed by
CLM Matrix as set forth in the mutually agreed upon SOW. Both parties recognize
that certain SOW may require periodic adjustments to either partys staffing and/or
fees. If such adjustments are necessary, both parties will use their best efforts to
accommodate such adjustments as they arise. Any adjustments must be agreed
to in writing by both parties.

6. NON DISCLOSURE. This Agreement and all discussions in connection with
this Agreement shall be subjectto the Bilateral Non-Disclosure Agreement dated
May 16, 2018 entered into between the parties provided that Customer may
disclose any CLM Matrix information as required by its customers in furtherance
of the use of the Services or products thereto. In the event Customer is required
as a matter of contract, bid, or proposal to disclose CLM Matrix confidential
information to any of its customer(s), Customer shall take reasonable measures to
protect such information as it would its own. .

7. OWNERSHIP. All of the data provided to CLM Matrix by Customer remains the
sole property of Customer and will be safeguarded by CLM Matrix against loss,
disclosure, unauthorized access or alteration under reasonable securityprocedures,
consistentwith the term ofthe NDA and those employed by CLM Matrixin protection
of its own data. Customer acknowledges that CLM Matrix shall have exclusive
ownership of all work product, documentation, computer programs, source code,
software products, reports, or other work product reduced to written, magnetic, or
other tangible form (“Work Product’) that are developed, discovered, conceived,
or introduced by CLM Matrix in the course of providing services under this
Agreement. Customer hereby assigns to CLM Matrix, without further
consideration, sole right, title and interest (including, without limitation, all copyright
tights) in and to all programming, code, documentation and other written product,
methodologies, processes, training materials, inventions, software, ideas and
other information and Work Product developed or generated by or on behalf of
CLM Matrix during the course of its and any of its subcontractors’ performance
under this Agreement, including any and all patents, copyrights, trade secrets and
other proprietary rights related thereto. Customer agrees to execute and deliver,
or cause to be executed and delivered, all documentsand instruments requested
by CLM Matrix to evidence the foregoing assignment.

8. COMPENSATION. Professional fees shall be paid on an hourly rate basis,
unless specified differently ina SOW. Rates for hourly professional fees will be

©2017 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved.
CLM Matrix Proprietary and Confidential
Master Consulting Agreement - 0315

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

specified in the applicable SOW. Professional fees on fixed-fee SOW shall be paid
as described in the SOW.

9, REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES. In addition to, and distinct from, professional
fees as described above, Customer will also reimburse CLM Matrix for all pre-
approved and reasonable out-of-pocket travel and project expenses. Additional
detail on reimbursable expenses will be included in the SOW. CLM Matrix will use
commercially reasonable efforts to minimize reimbursable expenses. CLM Matrix
will submit monthly, detailed invoices with sufficient documentation and unless
other provisions are included in the SOW, Customer shall pay CLM Matrix for its
pre-approved reasonable out-of-pocket expenses on a net 30 days basis following
submission of an adequate accounting for such expenses in accordance with
Customer policies from time to time in effect.

10. CLM MATRIX PERSONNEL. It is expressly understood that personnel
provided by CLM Matrix for the purpose of performing services under this
Agreement are the employees or subcontractors of CLM Matrix and under no
circumstances will be considered employees of Customer. CLM Matrix will be
responsible for any and all applicable payroll and employmenttaxes and employee
insurance, and Customer will have no liability therefore. Upon the request of
Customer and for good cause, CLM Matrix shall immediately remove from the
projectany CLM Matrix personnel. CLM Matrix shall thereafter have areasonable
time to replace such person so removed. Services performed under the terms of
this Agreement will be performed virtually and/or at locations stipulated in the
SOW.

11. NO-HIREAGREEMENT. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, during
the SOW Term and for a period of twelve (12) months after the expiration or
termination of this SOW (the “Restricted Period’), either party shall not, and shall
not authorize or permitany other person or entity to, directlyor indirectly, knowingly
solicit or attempt to solicit, hire or engage any person who is an employee,
independent contractor, representative or agent of the other party or its affiliates
(collectively, the “Covered Individuals”) and who provided Services hereunder.
12. WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. CLM Matrix warrants that it
has the legal power to enter into this Agreement. CLM Matrix warrants that there
is no pending litigation involving CLM Matrix that may impair or interfere with
Customer's right to use the Services. CLM Matrix warrants that the Projectwill be
performed in a workmanlike and professional manner consistent with the level of
care and skill ordinarily exercised by providers of services providing similar
services under similar conditions. CLM Matrix warrants that all candidates are
experienced and fully qualified to engage in the activities and perform the services
required under this Agreement, and that all applicable licensing and operating
fequirements imposed or required under federal, state or county law, and all
applicable accreditation and other standards of quality generally accepted in the
field of the activities of such candidates are complied with and satisfied. In the
event that CLM Matrix breaches this warranty, Customer shall notify CLM Matrix
in writing and shall specifically describe the deficiency. CLM Matrix agrees to
promptly re-perform such Services that failed to meet this standard of care. If the
Services as re-performed continue to fail to meetthis standard of care, CLM Matrix
and Customer shall mutually determine whether additional attempts at re-
performance will be made or whether CLM Matrix shall refund to Customer the
entire amount invoiced by CLM Matrix and paid by Customer for the deficient
Services. Customer must make any claim for breach of this warranty by written
Notice to CLM Matrix within thirty (30) days of performance or re-performance of
such Services. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT,
CLM MATRIX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND
REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND OR NATURE WITH RESPECT TO THE
CLM MATRIX PERSONNEL PROVIDED, SERVICES PERFORMED OR
DELIVERABLES DELIVERED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR OTHERWISE
EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO APARTY'S INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT RELATED TO THIRD PARTY CLAIMS, EACH PARTY'S
TOTALLIABILIT Y FOR DAMAGES (REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION,
WILL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF THE FIRST

B nctrix

YEAR'S ACTUAL FEES PAID TO CLM MATRIX UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT,
CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THE
OTHER PARTY OR ANY OTHER PARTY EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE TYPE OF CLAIM
OR THENATURE OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, SUPPLIER'S LIABILITY SHALL BE
UNLIMITED FOR CLAIMS ARISING FROM (|) FRAUD, NEGLIGENCE OR
WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, (II) CLM MATRIX INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13, (Ill) ACTUAL OR ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT OR
MISAPPROPRIATION OF CUSTOMER'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERT YRIGHTS
OR (IV) ANY OTHER OBLIGATIONS ARISING FROM THISAGREEMENT.

13. INDEMNIFICATION. CLM Matrix and Customer shall each indemnify, defend,
and hold harmless the other (and its respective, officers, directors, employees,
agents, members, subsidiaries and affiliates) on a current basis from and against
any third-party claims for loss, damage, expense (including attorneys’ fees)
liability, and claims for death or personal injury or physical damage to property
caused by the indemnifying party, its employees, agents, or subcontractors. Each
party shall promptly, and in writing, notify the other party of any such claim made
against it by any third party, and shall take action as may be necessary to avoid
default or other adverse consequences until such time as the other party has a
reasonable opportunity to assume the defense of the claim. The party obligated
to defend under this Section shall have the right to select counsel and to control
such defense. The other party and its personnel shall cooperate and participate
as reasonably required for such defense.

14, NOTICES. Notices must be in writing and are deemed delivered when
personally delivered or received by fax, email, ovemight courier, or certified mail
retum receiptrequested, at the location below (or suchlocation a Party designates
by written notice to the other Parties): (a) If to CLM Matrix, to CLM Matrix, Attn: Legal,
4808 Forest Hill Drive, Suite 2G, Flower Mound, TX 75028, 800-961-6534,
e/admin@clmmatrix.com, and (b) if to Customer,

Vice President and General Counsel
1081 Woodward Way

 

©2017 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved.
CLM Matrix Proprietary and Confidential.
Master Consulting Agreement - 0315

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

Ft. Collins, Colorado 80524

15. ADDITIONAL TERMS. This Agreement, including any attachments or
amendments, sets forth the full and complete agreement of the parties, and both
parties warrant that there have been no other promises, obligations, or
undertakings, oral or written. This Agreement can be modified only by a written
document signed by both parties. The captions and headings throughout this
Agreement are for convenience and reference only, and do not affect the meaning
or intent of this Agreement. If any section or clause contained in this Agreement
is found to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining sections
and clauses shall remain in full force and effect. Neither party shall be responsible
for any delay or failure in performance, at any time during the term of this
Agreement, caused by flood, riot, insurrection, fire, earthquake, strike, explosion,
war, actof God, or any other farce or cause beyond the control of the party claiming
the protection of this section. This Agreement shall be interpreted and applied in
accordance with the substantive law of the State of Colorado, and without regard
to any choice oflaw provisions that would cause the law of another state to control.
The parties agree that any cause of action relating to this Agreement shall be
brought in a state or federal court located in Larimer County, Colorado. The
following provisions of this Agreement shall survive its termination: Bilateral No-
Hire Agreement, Non-Disclosure, Ownership, Warranty and Limitation of Liability,
Indemnification, and Choice ofLaw and Venue. This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original, and
all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement
may be executed by electronic transmission, and an electronically transmitted
signature will be treated like an original signature. . Digitally signed by
16, AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES. Timothy

Woodward, Inc.

Name:

CLM Matrix: B. Sparks 92520 9500.

Name: Zanetty B.S

Timothy B. Sparks

 

Printed: Masha Roberts
Title: Global Commodity Manager
Date: Date:

Printed: TimothyB. Sparks
Title: CEO
7 June 2018

 

B nctrix

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

SOW #1

This SOW (‘SOW’) is attached to the Master Consulting Agreement dated
June 8, 2018 by and between CLM Matrix and Customer and incorporated therein
for all purposes as of the date this SOW is executed by both Parties (“SOW Effective
Date’). In addition to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the following terms
and conditions apply with respect to the services described on this SOW. All terms
not defined herein have the same meaningsas set forth in the Agreement.

1. AGREEMENT. For adequate consideration, this Statement of Work (‘SOW’) is
made effective June 8, 2018 (the “Effective Date”), by and between CLM Matrix
(‘CLM Matrix’) and Woodward, Inc. (‘Customer’), a Delaware corporation (each, a
“Party”, collectively, Parties”). Subjectto the terms anc conditions of this Agreement,
including the payment of all fees and expenses, Customer agrees to purchase the
services described herein and signed by both Parties (“Services”) at the pricing set
forth herein. All such Services are subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. Exceptas may be expressly set forth in an Exhibit, Customer shall retain
responsibilityfor all other services, operations, systems and personnel necessaryfor
the operation of Customer's information technologysystems. Customer may request
services to be provided by CLM Matrix under the applicable SOW that are outside
the scope ofthe Services described herein (the “Additional Services”). CLM Matrix
shall provide the Additional Services, subject to the Parties executing a Project
Change Request (a PCR’) describing the terms and fees associated with such
Additional Services, and any such PCR shall be attached to the applicable SOW.

2. TERM AND TERMINATION. The initial term begins upon the Effective Date and
continues through completion of the services (“Term”). The Termis subjectto
termination rights herein. Ifa Party (a) fails to perform amaterial term of this
Agreementand such failure is not cured within thirty (30) days (or such other time
period agreed in writing by the Parties) following receiptofa written defaultnotice
from the other Party reasonably specifying the nature of the default; or (b) a Party
becomes the subjectofa voluntary proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership,
liquidation, bankruptcy or composition for the benefit of creditors and such petition or
proceedingis notdismissed within sixty(60) days of filing, the other Party may
terminate the affected SOW(s) for cause by giving written notice to the defaulting
Party. This Agreementwill continue in effect with respectto all other SOW that are
not the subjectofsuch default. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the cure period for
failure of Customer to pay amounts due under this Agreementis 30 days. In the
event of cancellation by Customer solely for convenience CLM Matrix will be paid
only for undisputed billable hours and expenses at the time of cancellation.

3. COMPENSATION. Unless otherwise specified in an Exhibit, invoices shall be sent
to: coupa.accountspayable@woodward.com. Consulting Services shall be billed ona
time and materials basis. Customer shall pay to CLM Matrix, as compensation for
the services to be rendered, the sum of $225 per hour for hours actually worked.
Services and expenses will be billed monthly and are due and payable forty five (45)
days following the invoice date. Unless otherwise specified in an Exhibit, Customer
will reimburse CLM Matrix for all pre-approved, undisputed out-of-pocket expenses
teasonably incurred in rendering Services to Customer. Expenses may include, but
are not limited to, travel and transportation expenses, lodging and meals, and the cost
of any shipping, communications charges, telephone calls, printing of process chars
at $8.50 sq. ft. and other related expenses subject to Customer's corporate travel
expense reimbursementpolicies, a copyofwhichwill be provided to CLM Matrix. CLM
Matrix shall use its best efforts to minimize expenses for a project. CLM Matrix will
remit any and all Taxes paid by Customer to the appropriate taxing authority.
Purchases by Customer shall be tax exempt to the extent allowable pursuant to
applicable law provided Customer provides a valid tax exemption certificate to CLM
Matrix prior to such purchase. Customer will promptly notify CLM Matrix of any
material change in Customer's tax exemptstatus. Each monthlyinvoice shall include
a list of each hourly rate SOW worked on and, for each such SOW, a list of the
personnel performing services, the job classifications, the hourly rate charged for

©2017 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved.
CLM Matrix Proprietary and Confidential.
Master Consulting Agreement - 0315

each and a description of expenses. CLM Matrix shall maintain time records for all
Consultant personnel assigned to the Project that shall indicate the name of the
individual, job title, date, number of hours worked, and the task worked on. Such
records shall be made available by CLM Matrix upon the request of Customer.
Customer shall pay CLM Matrix all undisputed invoices presented Consultantunder
this Agreement within forty five (45) days of the receiptof such invoices.

4. NON-DISCLOSURE.

(a) This Agreement and all discussions in connection with this Agreement shall be
subjectto the Bilateral Non-Disclosure Agreement dated May 16, 2018 entered
into between the parties provided that Customer may disclose any CLM Matrix
information as required by its customers in furtherance of the use of the
Services or products thereto. In the event Customer is required as a matter of
contract, bid, or proposal to disclose CLM Matrix confidential information to any
of its customer(s), Customer shall take reasonable measures to protect such
information as it would its own.

5. PROJECT ORGANIZATION. Prior to project start, Customer shall assign a full
time CLM Program Manager “Program Manager’), who shall be responsible for
managing the Customer's project performance ofits obligations under the terms of
the applicable SOW. In addition, this person will act as Matrix Software
Administrator (‘Administrator’) responsible for assisting in the definition of the
contract process workflow, configuration of the software and acting as first and
second level of support for the Matrix Software. Customer is required to have at
least one person on staff who has completed the Matrix Administrative Certification.
CLM Matrix shall designate an employee of sufficient management rank as
Customer Project Manager (“Project Manager’), who shall represent CLM Matrix
and have responsibility for ensuring that Customer performs its obligations under
this Agreement and the SOW. The Program Manager and CLM Matrix Project
Manager will hold joint responsibility for planning status meetings and will discuss
issues as they arise. Formal telephone or personal meetings between the Project
Manager and CLM Matrix Project Manager will be scheduled as deemed
appropriate.

6. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES. CLM Matrix shall, upon request of Customer,
perform the following tasks (i.e., the assistance to be rendered and/or the services
to be performed, and/or resources to be provided, and/or applicable deliverables,
and/or obligations to be discharged by CLM Matrix):

Consulting Services shall include the following deliverables

¢ Installation of Matrix Software

« Requirements Definition including Contract Process Map with applicable
workflow phases, steps, tasks, rules, policies, notifications and alerts

« — Configuration of Matrix Software system to approved Contract Process
Blueprint

e Initial testing and validaticn of system configuration

« System deployment to production environment

Consulting Services not included as deliverables are Initial Rollout Support and Post

DeploymentSupport. Customeris responsible for licensing all necessarythird-party

software.

B nctrix

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Description Unit Quantity Price
A. Matrix Software Installation Each 1 $1,750
B. Professional Services $225/hr. 150 $ 33,750
Required: |
C. Matrix Enterprise Administrative $4,600/p/p 0 $0
Certification ($1,000 each additional
person)
D. Matrix Fast Track Administrative | $3,200/p/p 4 $5,600
Certification ($800 each additional_person)
E. Matrix Train-the-T rainer $4,000/pip 0 $0
Certification ($800 each additional_person)
Optional: |
F. Administrative Training $850 pip/ 0 $0
Sessions 1-7 session
($600 each additional person’same session)
G. Administrative Training $750 pip/ 0 $0
Sessions 8-11 session
H. UAT/End User Support $1,600/day 1 $ 1,600

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

©2017 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved.
CLM Matrix Proprietary and Confidential.
Master Consulting Agreement - W315

The Matrix Software Installation fixed fee of $1,750 assumes a dedicated server
installation per CLM Matrix Installation Instructions and Matrix Technical
Prerequisites. Matrix installations performed on a customer's existing SharePoint
farm that do not follow CLM Matrix installation instructions and require additional
support time over and above the 8 hours allocated will be on a time and materials
basis at the negotiated rate for professional services.

7, AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES.
Customer:
Name:

. Digitally signed
Timothy bytimotnys.

Sparks

CLM Matrix: B, Sparks oate:20180507

 

Printed: Mash Roberts
Title: Global Commodity Manager.
Date:

Name: vine B. Spike”
Printed: TimothyB. Sparks

Title: CEO

Date: __7 June 2018

 

