
Bi matrix Customer Contract 28378

Master Subscription Services Agreement

This Master Subscription Services Agreement (“Agreement”) is between CLM Matrix, a Texas corporation (CLM) and the St. johns

River Water Management District (Customer), and is effective as of the date of last signature.

1)

2)

3)

4)

CONTRACT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT SERVICE. This Agreement provides Customer access to a proprietary online subscription
service consisting of an Internet based contract lifecycle management services which includes, at a minimum, the following
functionality:

Contract Modeling - ability to input contract metadata into the system
Contract Portal - role based repository of contract information in tabular form

- Document Generation - ability to generate solicitation and contract documents

- Contract Monitoring and Tracking — ability to perform user defined ad hoc reporting

- Rule and Policy Based Workflow ~ ability to set up alerts notifications and reminders based on critical contract dates and
obligations.
Data Exchange - ability to receive from and transmit data to Customer's financial and content management systems
Document Transfer - CLM Matrix will enhance the Web Service Wizard and Web Service features to include the capability
to send the URL of a Workflow’s Document Library to a Web Service end-point. The details of these feature changes will be
coordinated with SJRWMD staff during development to ensure usability with SI]RWMD systems and methods. This capability
will be included in Matrix V13 and V15 baselines. The URL will be the specific contract Document Library URL for the given
workflow; the workflow in which the Web Service is executed. This is consistent with the execution of current Web Service
messages as a synchronous exchange with the addition of capability to send URL. The Document Library to which the URL
points may be empty or may contain more than one document. Using Web Service Wizard to configure and setup URL and
other Metadata in a message, will result in sending the Document Library URL to a St. Johns River Water Management
District (S]RWMD) end-point. CLM Matrix will not be involved in the creation or management of that SJRWMD end point to
which the URL is sent. This is the responsibility of SJRWMD, and it is the SJRWMD end-point to determine the document
name to retrieve, and to retrieve the document from the URL's location. CLM Matrix obligation is to provide this capability in
a V13/V15 release as stated herein to SJRWMD by end of December 2015. SJRWMD will use this V13/V15S to test and verify
the SJRWMD end-point.

CLM will provide this functionality through a [URL] provided by CLM within a hosted server environment and under the terms
below (Service). This Agreement contemplates one or more orders for the Services, which orders are governed by the terms of
this Agreement and will describe the Services ordered in more detail (which may include a setup statement of work). Customer
may allow its employees and contractors to access the Services in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, which access must
be for the sole benefit of Customer. Customer is responsible for the compliance with this Agreement by its employees and
contractors.

USE OF SERVICES.

a). CLM Responsibilities. CLM must (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Services available, except for (x)
scheduled outages, or (y) unavailability caused by force majeure, (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to protect the
Customer Data from unauthorized access, and (iii) provide customer support for the Services at no additional charge, as
further detailed at: http://www.clmmatrix.com/support

b). Customer Responsibilities, Customer (i) is responsible for Customer Data, (ii) must use commercially reasonable efforts to
prevent unauthorized access to the Services, and notify CLM promptly of any such unauthorized access, and (iii) may use the
Services only in accordance with its user guide and applicable law.

Customer may not (w) sell, resell, rent or lease the Services, (x) use the Services to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or
otherwise unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party rights, (y) interfere with
or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Services, or (z) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or their
related systems or networks.

PAYMENT TERMS. CLM shall submit quarterly invoices by e-mail to acctpay@sjrwmd.com. Customer must pay all fees within 45
days of receipt of an approved invoice. Customer is responsible for sales, use and other similar taxes. Should Customer dispute
an invoice or part thereof, Customer shall notify CLM and parties will in good faith endeavor to resolve the dispute. Customer shall
pay any undisputed portion of the invoice in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Payment for first quarter service must
be received prior to activation of the Services.

WARRANTY /SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT and REMEDY.

a). CLM Limited Warranty. CLM warrants to Customer (i) that commercially reasonable efforts will be made to maintain the
online availability of the Services for a minimum of availability in any given month as provided in the chart below (excluding

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214 Page 1 of 5
Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

5)

6)

b).

Customer Contract 28378

scheduled outages), (ii) the functionality of the Services will not materially decrease, (iii) and the’customer support will not
materially degrade.

Availability Credit
- 99.5 - 95% = 5 % of monthly fee.
= 94.99 - 90% = 10 % of monthly fee.

- Less than 90% = 15 % of monthly fee.

. Customer's exclusive remedy and CLM’s sole obligation for breach of the warranty in
(a)(i) immediately above will be for CLM to provide a crédit as provided in. the chart above (if this Agreeméntis'not renewed,
then a refund), for the month in question; provided that Customer notifies CLM of such breach-within 30°days of the end of
thé month inquestion. CLM DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT'LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY
THAT SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE OR WITHOUT DELAY, AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Each party‘represents and warrants to the other party that it will comply with
all applicable laws, including foreign export controls, regarding its performance under this Agreement, including without
limitation privacy related and Florida's Public Records laws.

MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY.

a).

b).

°.

Definition of Confidential Information. Confidential Information means all confidential information disclosed by a party
(Discloser) to the other party (Recipient), whether orally or in writing, that is designated’as confidential or that reasonably
should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure
(Confidential Information). CLM’s Confidential Information includes the Services.

Protection of Confidential Information. The Recipient must use the same degree of care that it uses to protect the
confidentiality of its own.confidential information of like kind (but-in no event less than reasonable care) not to disclose or
use any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement. The Recipient
must make‘commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to.Confidential Information of Discloser to those of its:employees,
[contractors] and agents who need such access for purposes consistent with this Agreement .and who have signed
confidentiality Agreements, with Recipient no less restrictive than the confidentiality terms of this Agreement.

Exclusions. Confidential Information excludes information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without
breach of any obligation owed to Discloser, (ii) was known to the Recipient prior to its disclosure by the Discloser without
breach of any obligation owed to the Discloser, (iii) is received from a third party withoutbreach of‘any-obligation owed to
Dis¢loser, (iv) was indépendently developed by the Recipient without use or access to the Confidential Information, (v)
required to be disclosed pursuant to state or federal law, or (vi) information that is not deemed confidential under Florida's
Public Records Law. . '

PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.

a).

b).

c).

d).

Reservation of Rights by CLM. The software, workflow processes, and other technologies provided by CLM as part of the
Services are the proprietary property’of CLM and its licensors, and all right, title and interest in and to'such items, including
all associated intellectual property rights, remain only with CLM. CLM grants no rights unless expressly provided inthis
Agreement.

Customer Restrictions. Customer may not:

i. reverse-engineer the:Services or the Licensed Documentation (defined below);

ii. remove or modify any proprietary marking or restrictive legends:in the Service; or

iii, access:the Service to (w) build:a-competitive, product or service, or (x) copy any feature, functionior. graphic of the Service
for competitive purposes.

Customer Data. All uploaded data under Customer's account remains the sole-property of Customer, as between CLM and
Customer (Customer Data). Customer grants CLM.a non-exclusive term license to use, modify, copy'and prepare-derivate -
works of the.Customer Data for purposes of CLM performing under this Agreement. CLM will at'aiy time, but;no more than
one a month, provide the Customer Data to Customer (upon request) for an administrative fee of $500.00, excepting the
automated exchange:of updated data and documents via web’ services. CLM may use during and after: this Agreement all
aggregate non-identifiable'information and.data in the Services for purposes of enhancing the Services, technical supportand
other business purposes. .

Licensed Documentation, The Product User Guide'and other CLM provided product documentation is.licenséd to Customer
as follows: CLM grants Customer a non-exclusive, worldwide, license for the duration of the Services to such material for
Customer's internal use solely with the Services, with the right to make additional copies of the material for such duration
and purpose (Licensed Documentation).

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214 Page 2 of S
Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

Customer Contract 28378

 

7) EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

a). Exclusion of Certain Damages. EXCEPT FOR A VIOLATION OF CLM’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, NEITHER PARTY
1S LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, COSTS OF
DELAY, LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION, AND ANY FAILURE OF DELIVERY OF THE SERVICES).

b). Limitation of Liability. CLM’S LIABILITY FOR ALL DAMAGES RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE) DOES NOT EXCEED THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER WITHIN THE PRECEDING 12
MONTHS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

c). Customer’s liability is limited by sovereign immunity, is capped by the limited waiver set forth in section 768.28, Florida
Statutes, and is also governed by the procedures set forth in that statute.

8) TERM, TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION OF SERVICE.

a). Term. This Agreement continues until all orders have expired or are terminated. Orders may have durations specified on the
order (Term). Initially, this Agreement will consist of five 12-month Terms (October 1 - September 30, each coinciding with
Customer’s fiscal year terms), At the end of the initial five 12-month Terms, the subscription fees and terms will be subject to
annual re-negotiation, and providing that such fees and terms are mutually satisfactory, the parties may opt to continue the
Agreement through annual written affirmation by the parties.

b). Mutual Termination for Material Breach. If either party is in breach of any material term of this Agreement, the other party
may terminate this Agreement at the end of a written 30-day notice/cure period, if the breach has not been cured
i. Actions upon Termination.

(w) Upon any termination as provided in 8(b) above by Customer, CLM must refund any prepaid fees covering the
remainder of the Term of that order.

(x) Upon any termination as provided in 8(b) above by CLM, Customer must pay any unpaid fees covering the remainder
of the Term of all orders, and destroy all CLM property. Customer upon request will confirm that it has complied with
these requirements.

c). Return of Customer Data. Within 60 days after termination or expiration of an order, this Agreement or both, CLM will,
upon request, provide the Customer Data to Customer (to the extent Customer has not already deleted such information from
the Services). After a 60-day period after termination, CLM has no obligation to maintain any of the Customer Data.

d). Suspension of Service for Violations of Law. CLM may immediately suspend the Services and remove applicable Customer
Data if it in good faith believes that, as part of using the Services, Customer may have violated a law. CLM may try to contact
Customer in advance, but it is not required to do so.

e). Funding Contingency. This Agreement is at all times contingent upon funding availability by Customer's Governing Board
Agreements that extend for a period of more than one Fiscal Year are subject to annual appropriation of funds in the sole
discretion and judgment of Customer's Governing Board for each succeeding Fiscal Year term. Should the services not be
funded, in whole or in part, in the current Fiscal Year or succeeding Fiscal Years, Customer shall so notify CLM and this
Agreement shall be deemed terminated for convenience five days after receipt of such notice. For the purpose of this
Agreement, “Fiscal Year” is defined as the period beginning on October 1 and ending on September 30.

9) PROJECT MANAGEMENT

(a) The Project Managers listed below shall be responsible for overall coordination ahd management of the Services

provided under this Agreement. Either party may change its Project Manager upon three business days’ prior written
notice to the other party. Written notice of change of address shall be provided wr eee eo shall
be in writing to the Project Managers at the addresses below and shall be sént by one of the following methods: (1)
national overnight courier or (2) e-mail. Notices via overnight courier are deemed.delixered one business.day after
having been deposited with the courier. Notices via e-mail are deemed delivered on the date transmitted and received.
Marlise Viljoen, Project Manager Edward Pecelli, Project Manager
St. Johns River Water Management District CLM Matrix
4049 Reid Street 4808 Forest Hills Dr., Suite 2G
Palatka, Florida 32177 Flower Mound, Texas 75028
Phone: (386) 329-4226 Phone: (856) 287-2898
E-mail: mviljoen@sjrwmd.com E-mail: epecelli@clmmatrix.com

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214 Page 3 of S

Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

Customer Contract 28378

(b) Customer's Project Manager shall have sole responsibility for transmitting instructions, receiving information, and
communicating Customer policies and decisions regarding all matters pertinent to performance of the services.

10) INSURANCE. Each party shall also acquire and maintain throughout the term of this Agreement such general liability, automobile
insurance, and workers’ compensation insurance as required by law and/or their current rules and regulations.

 

11) ROYALTIES AND PATENTS. CLM certifies that, to the best of its information and belief, the services do not infringe on any patent
rights. Unless provided otherwise herein, CLM shall: (1) pay all royalties, patent, and license fees necessary for the services; (2)
defend all suits or claims for infringement of any patent rights, and (3) save and hold Customer harmless from loss on account
thereof; If CLM obtains information that the process or article so specified is a patent infringement, it shall be responsible for such
loss unless it promptly so notifies Customer.

12) GOVERNING LAW AND EXCLUSIVE FORUM. The St. Johns River Water Management District is a statutory political subdivision
of the state of Florida created and governed by the laws of that state. Except when the laws of the state of Texas conflict with those
of the state of Florida, this Agreement is governed by the laws of the state of Texas. Each party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees,
including appeals, and costs, and for civil proceedings, the parties hereby consent to trial by the court and waive the right to jury
trial.

13) MISCELLANEOUS OTHER TERMS. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties, and supersedes all
prior or contemporaneous negotiations or Agreements, whether oral or written, related to this subject matter. No modification or
waiver of any term of this Agreement is effective unless both parties sign it. Neither party may assign or transfer this Agreement
or an order to a third party, except that the Agreement with all orders may be assigned as part of a merger, or sale of all or
substantially all of the business or assets, of a party. The parties are independent contractors with respect to each other. If any
term of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the other terms remain in effect. CLM rejects additional or conflicting terms of
a form purchasing document. If there is an inconsistency between this Agreement and an order, the order prevails. Any terms that
by their nature survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, will survive. CLM may use Customer's name in customer lists
and related promotional materials describing Customer as a customer of CLM, which use must be in accordance with Customer's
trademark guidelines and policies.

  

Ti 7 B Digitally signed by Timothy B. Sparks
© DN: cn=Timothy B. Sparks, o=CLM

Matrix, ou=CEO,

email=tsparks@clmmatrix.com, c=US
pa rKS Date: 2015.10.16 16:37:04 -05'00'

 

Name: _Ann B. Shortelle. Ph.D. Name: _ Timothy B, Sparks

Title: Executive Director Title: CEQ ——
Date: /6 l@ 1S Date: _ October 16, 2015

Email ‘Signed’ Agreement to: tsparks@clmmatrix.com

 

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement. Rev. 010214 Page 4 of 5
Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

Customer Contract 28378

CLM Matrix Subscription Services Agreement

Schedule A

Schedule A is attached to and becomes, upon execution.by both parties below, a part of the:CLM.Matrix Subscription Services Agreement
between such parties and sets forth the specific terms:and conditions relating to the Subscription Services listed below:

 

Effective License Date

October 1, 2015

 

Licensed Software
Software Format
Operating Platform

 

 

CLM Matrix Enterprise v15.x
Object
Microsoft

 

 

License Type

Number of Copies of Licensed Material
Subscription Term

Subscription Fee/Month

 

 

User Counts

 

    

Subscription Service

One (1) production environment.

Five 12-month fiscal year periods (60 months)
Year 1 = $3,031 per month

Year 2 through 5 = $3,594 per month
Year 1:

Contract Administrator: 4

Contract Contributor: 182

Contract Consumer: 0

Years.2 through 5:

Contract Administrator: 4
Contract.Contributor: 210

Contract Consumer: 0

 

Invoicing and Payment Terms

 

Subscription Services will be invoiced quarterly beginning upon license date.
Payment terms are Net 45 days.

 

Additional Users

Additional Matrix-Add-On Components
(Identify optional Add-Ons requested below;
additional fees may apply)

O-ARX/CoSign Digital Signature

1- Graphical Reporting

1- Historical 'Contract Data Migration Wizard
1—Historical'Contract Document Migration Wizard
0.- Multi-Language Wizard

0-MS Dynamics CRM:Connector

1- Report Center

0 ~SalesForce:CRM Connector

1- Web Services Wizard

Training Services
Annual Software Maintenance

Additional users can be added as needed in:the future for the prices below.

Matrix Enterprise Matrix Fast Track

$95/mo. Contract Administrator $43/mo. Contract Administrator

$13/mo. Contract Contributor $13/mo. Contract Contributor

$8/mo. Contract Consumer $8/mo. Contract Consumer

Report Center - Price included in monthly fee for Matrix Subscription Services.
Professional services required installation; testing and configuration.

Graphical Reporting - Price.included in.monthly fee for Matrix Subscription Services.
Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and:configuration.
Historical Contract Data Migration Wizard — Price included in monthly fee for Matrix
Subscription Services.

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Historical Contract Document Migration Wizard - Price included in monthly fee for
Matrix Subscription Services.

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.
Multi-Language Wizard - $5,000 (Added to contract amount, if this service is requested
by Customer.)

Professional services required for installation, set-up, testing and configuration.

Web Services Wizard - Price included in monthly fee for Matrix Subscription Services.
Professional services required for installation, set-up and configuration.

Not included with Subscription Services, priced separately.

Included

 

 

Export Control Restrictions

US Only

 

To Be Delivered To

 

CLM Matrix Software License Agreement Rev. 010214
Copyright © 2014 CLM Matrix. All rights reserved

 

St. Johns River Water Management District
4049 Reid Street, P.O. Box 1429
Palatka, FL 32178-1429

 

 

Page 5 of 5

Bnatrix

1. AGREEMENT. This Master Consulting Agreement (this “Agreement’) by and
between St. Johns River Water Management District ("Customer") and CLM
Matrix, a Texas corporation (‘CLM Matrix") (each, a “Party”, and collectively,
“Parties") is made and entered into when duly executed by both Parties (the
“Effective Date"). CLM Matrix will provide to Customer Consulting Services
("Services’) in accordance with the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement
and more specifically described in the attached Statement of Work (‘SOW’).

2. TERM. This Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue through
60 months (the, “Term*) subject to the termination rights herein. At the end of the
Term, any SOW already executed by the parties shall remain in effect and this
Agreement shall continue in effect as to such SOW.

3. TERMINATION. If either party materially breaches a material provision of this
Agreement, the other party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days'
notice unless the breach is cured within the notice period. Either Party may
terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, upon thirty (30) days’
Notice. Customer shall, upon termination, pay CLM Matrix all unpaid amounts due
for Services completed prior to notice of termination

4. SOW. All CLM Matrix Services shall be rendered pursuant to SOWs. To the
extent of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of a
specific SOW and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the terms and
conditions of the SOW will control. Each SOW shall be in writing, signed by both
parties, and refer specifically to this Agreement. Both parties recognize that certain
SOWs may require periodic amendments, including adjustments to either party's
Staffing and/or fees. If such adjustments are necessary, both parties will use all
commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate such adjustments as they arise
Any amendments must be in writing and signed by both parties.

5, PROJECT ORGANIZATION. Each Project shall be organized and staffed by
CLM Matrix as set forth in the mutually agreed upon SOW. Both parties recognize
that certain SOW may require periodic adjustments to either party's staffing and/or
fees. If such adjustments are necessary, both parties will use their best efforts to
accommodate such adjustments as they arise. Any adjustments must be agreed
to in writing by both parties.

6. NON DISCLOSURE. Customer shall treat CLM Matrix Proprietary Information
(as defined herein) as confidential and will exercise reasonable care to protect it,
using not less than the degree of care taken by Customer in the protection of its
own confidential information. Without CLM Matrix prior written permission,
Proprietary Information will not be (i) disclosed to anyone, (ii) used for Customer's
benefit, or (iii) copied or removed from Customer's premises. Proprietary
Information of CLM Matrix shall mean and include all software programs belonging
to CLM Matrix, its affiliates, its current and potential customers and corporate
partners, acquisitions and potential acquisitions, and its licensors and licensees,
whether in written or on magnetic media, and all Matrix Software documentation,
procedures manuals, process stencils; process maps , source code, working
Papers and other documentation, methodologies reduced to writing, ‘written
Strategic business plans or financial information, sales and marketing plans and
information (including, without limitation, any~erd~el-business,-financial, and
contractual information regarding existing and prospective customers, corporate
partners and acquisitions of CLM Matrix), and information related to the foregoing
that has been reduced to writing. Proprietary Information shal! also include
personal and contact information regarding CLM Matrix employees. Proprietary
Information of CLM Matrix does not include the fofiowing: (i) any ideas, innovations
information, techniques, procedures or methodologies developed by Customer
prior to this engagement with Customer; (ii) any information previously known to
Customer without obligation of confidentiality; (iii) any information that is or
becomes available to or known by persons in the contract lifecycle management
industry through no fault or wrongdoing of Customer; (iv) any information
developed independently by Customer without reference to Proprietary
Information, or (v) information required to be disclosed pursuant to state or federal
law; or (vi) information that is not deemed confidential under Florida's Public
Records Law. CLM Matrix shall treat and shall obligate its personnel to treat, as
confidential and proprietary to Customer, all Proprietary Information of Customer
identified by Customer in writing as confidential or proprietary

 

©2015 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved
Master Consulting Agreement - v0315

Customer Contract 28378

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

7. OWNERSHIP. All of the data provided to CLM Matrix by Customer remains the
sole property of Customer and will be safeguarded by CLM Matrix against loss,
disclosure, unauthorized access or alteration under reasonable security procedures,
consistent with those generally employed by other consulting organizations.
Customer acknowledges that CLM Matrix shall have exclusive ownership of all
work product, documentation, computer programs, source code, software
products, reports, or other work product reduced to written, magnetic, or other
tangible form (“Work Product’) that are developed, discovered, conceived, or
introduced by CLM Matrix in the course of providing services under this
Agreement. Customer hereby assigns to CLM Matrix, without further
consideration, sole night, title and interest (including, without limitation, all copyright
fights) in and to all programming, code, documentation and other written product,
methodologies, processes, training materials, inventions, software, ideas and
other information and Work Product developed or generated by or on behalf of
CLM Matrix during the course of its and any of its subcontractors’ performance
under this Agreement, including any and all patents, copyrights, trade secrets and
other proprietary rights related thereto. Customer agrees to execute and deliver,
or cause to be executed and delivered, all documents and instruments requested
by CLM Matrix to evidence the foregoing assignment.

8. COMPENSATION. Professional fees shall be paid on an hourly rate basis,
unless specified differently ina SOW Rates for hourly professional fees will be
specified in the applicable SOW. Professional fees on fixed-fee SOW shall be paid
as described in the SOW

9. REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES. In addition to, and distinct from, professional
fees as described above, Customer will also reimburse CLM Matrix, in accordance
with the rates included in Customer's travel policy, for all pre-approved and
reasonable out-of-pocket travel and project expenses. Additional detail on
feimbursabie expenses will be included in the SOW. CLM Matrix will use
commercially reasonable efforts to minimize reimbursable expenses. CLM Matrix
will submit monthly, detailed invoices with sufficient documentation and unless
other provisions are included in the SOW, Customer shall pay CLM Matrix for its
pre-approved reasonable out-of-pocket expenses on a net 45 days basis following
submission of an adequate accounting for such expenses in accordance with
Customer policies from time to time in effect

10. CLM MATRIX PERSONNEL. It is expressly understood that personne!
provided by CLM Matrix for the purpose of performing services under this
Agreement are the employees or subcontractors of CLM Matrix and under no
circumstances will be considered employees of Customer. CLM Matrix will be
responsible for any and all applicable payroll and employment taxes and employee
insurance, and Customer will have no liability therefore. Upon the request of
Customer and for good cause, CLM Matrix shall immediately remove from the
project any CLM Matrix personnel. CLM Matrix shall thereafter have a reasonable
time to replace such person so removed. Services performed under the terms of
this Agreement will be performed virtually and/or at locations stipulated in the
SOW.

11. NO-HIRE AGREEMENT. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, during
the SOW Term and for a period of twelve (12) months after the expiration or
termination of this SOW (the “Restricted Period”), Customer shall not, and shall
not authorize or permit any other person or entity to, directly or indirectly, knowingly
solicit or attempt to solicit, hire or engage any person who is an employee,
independent contractor, representative or agent of CLM Matrix or its affiliates
(collectively, the “Covered Individuals’) and who provided Services hereunder
12. WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. CLM Matrix warrants that it
has the legal power to enter into this Agreement. CLM Matrix warrants that there
is NO pending litigation involving CLM Matnx that may impair or interfere with
Customer's right to use the Services. CLM Matrix warrants that the Project will be
performed in a workmanlike and professional manner consistent with the level of
care and skill ordinarily exercised by providers of services providing similar
services under similar conditions. CLM Matrix warrants thal all candidates are
experienced and fully qualified to engage in the activities and perform the services
required under this Agreement, and that all applicable licensing and operating
fequirements imposed or required under federal, state or county law, and all
applicable accreditation and other standards of quality generally accepted in the

el macrix

field of the activities of such candidates are complied with and satisfied. in the
event that CLM Matrix breaches this warranty, Customer shall notify CLM Matrix
in writing and shall specifically describe the deficiency. CLM Matrix agrees to
promptly re-perform such Services that failed to meet this standard of care. If the
Services as re-performed continue to fail to meet this standard of care, CLM Matrix
and Customer shall mutually determine whether additional attempts at re-
performance will be rnade or whether CLM Matrix shall refund to Customer the
entire amount invoiced by CLM Matrix and paid by Customer for the deficient
Services. Customer must make any claim for breach of this warranty by written
notice to CLM Matrix within thirty (30) days of performance or re-performance of
such Services. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT,
CLM MATRIX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND
REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND OR NATURE WITH RESPECT TO THE
CLM MATRIX PERSONNEL PROVIDED, SERVICES PERFORMED OR
DELIVERABLES DELIVERED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
TITLE OR OTHERWISE. EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO A PARTY'S INDEMNITY
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT RELATED TO THIRD PARTY
CLAIMS, EACH PARTY'S TOTAL LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES (REGARDLESS
OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE) WILL IN NO EVENT
EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF THE FIRST YEAR'S ACTUAL FEES
PAID TO CLM MATRIX UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. NEITHER PARTY SHALL
BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL
SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY OR
ANY OTHER PARTY EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE TYPE OF CLAIM OR THE NATURE OF THE
CAUSE OF ACTION

13. INDEMNIFICATION. CLM Matrix and Customer shall each indemnify, defend
and hold harmless the other (and its respective, officers, directors, employees,
agents, members, subsidiaries and affiliates) on a current basis from and against
any third-party claims for loss, damage, expense (including attorneys’ fees)
liability, and claims for death or personal injury or physical damage to property
caused by the indernifying party, its employees, agents, or subcontractors.
Customer's liability is limited by sovereign immunity, is capped by the limited
waiver set forth in §768.28, Fla. Stat., and is governed by the procedures set forth
in that statute. Each party shall promptly, and in writing, notify the other party of
any such claim made against it by any third party, and shall take action as may be
necessary to avoid default or other adverse consequences until such time as the
other party has a reasonable opportunity to assume the defense of the claim. The

©2015 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved
Master Consulting Agreement - v0315

Customer Contract 28378

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

party obligated to defend under this Section shall have the right to select counsel
and to control such defense. The other party and its personnel shall cooperate
and participate as required for such defense.
14. NOTICES. Notices must be in writing and are deemed delivered when
personally delivered or received by fax, email, overnight courier, or certified mail
return receipt requested, at the location below (or such location a Party designates
by written notice to the other Parties): (a) If to CLM Matrix, to CLM Matrix, Attn: Legal,
4808 Forest Hill Drive, Suite 2G, Flower Mound, TX 75028, 800-961-6534,
e/admin@cimmatrix.com, and (b) if to Customer, Marlise Viljoen 386.329.4226,
41386.329.4546, e/ mviljoen@sjnwmd.com.
15. ADDITIONAL TERMS. This Agreement, including any attachments or
amendments, sets forth the full and complete agreement of the parties, and both
parties warrant that there have been no other promises, obligations, or
undertakings, oral or written. This Agreement can be modified only by a written
document signed by both parties. The captions and headings throughout this
Agreement are for convenience and reference only, and do not affect the meaning
or intent of this Agreement. If any section or clause contained in this Agreement
is found to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining sections
and clauses shall remain in full force and effect. Neither party shall be responsible
for any delay or failure in performance, at any time during the term of this
Agreement, caused by flood, riot, insurrection, fire, earthquake, strike, explosion,
war, act of God, or any other force or cause beyond the control of the party claiming
the protection of this section. The St. Johns River Water Management District is
a statutory political subdivision of the state of Florida created and governed by the
laws of that state. Except when the laws of the State of Texas conflict with those
of the State of Florida, this Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of
Texas. The following provisions of this Agreement shall survive its termination:
Bilateral No-Hire Agreement, Non-Disclosure, Ownership, Warranty and Limitation
of Liability, Indemnification, and Choice of Law. This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original, and
all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement
may be executed by electronic transmission, and an electronically transmitted
signature will be treated like an original signature.
16. AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES.
Customer: St. Johns River

  

    
 
 

ame
Printed: _Ann B. Shortelle. Ph.D. Printed: _ Timothy B. Sparks

Title: Executive Director Title: CEO
Date: 7° J/4 7/5 Date:

 

TOTEITS

 

BB natrix

Customer Contract 28378

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

SOW #SJRWMD 14

This SOW (“SOW’) is attached to the Master Consulting Agreement dated October
1, , 2015 by and between CLM Matrix and Customer and incorporated therein for all
purposes as of the date this SOW is executed by both Parties (“SOW Effective
Date"). In addition to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the following terms
and conditions apply with respect to the services described on this SOW. All terms
not defined herein have the same meanings as set forth in the Agreement.

1. AGREEMENT. For adequate consideration, this Statement of Work (‘SOW’) is
made effective October 1", 2015 (the “Effective Date’), by and between CLM Matrix
(CLM Matrix") and St. Johns River Water Management District (‘Customer’), a
Political subdivision of the state of Florida (each, a “Party”, collectively, Parties”)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the payment of all
fees and expenses, Customer agrees to purchase the services described herein and
signed by both Parties (“Services”) at the pricing set forth herein. All such Services
are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Except as may be expressly
set forth in an Exhibit, Customer shall retain responsibility for all other services
operations, systems and personnel necessary for the operation of Customer's
information technology systems. Customer may request Services to be provided by
CLM Matrix under the applicable SOW that are outside the scope of the Services
described herein (the “Additional Services"). CLM Matrix shall provide the
Additional Services, subject to the Parties executing a Project Change Request
(a PCR’) describing the terms and fees associated with such Additional Services,
and any such PCR shall be attached to the applicable SOW.

2. TERM AND TERMINATION. The initial term begins upon the Effective Date and
continues through completion of the services (‘Term’). The Term is subject to
termination nights herein. If a Party (a) fails to perform a material term of this
Agreement and such failure is not cured within thirty (30) days (or such other time
period agreed in writing by the Parties) following receipt of a written default notice
from the other Party reasonably specifying the nature of the default; or (b) a Party
becomes the subject of a voluntary proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership,
liquidation, bankruptcy or composition for the benefit of creditors and such petition or
proceeding is not dismissed within sixty (60) days of filing, the other Party may
terminate the affected SOW(s) for cause by giving written notice to the defaulting
Party. This Agreement will continue in effect with respect to all other SOW that are
not the subject of such default. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the cure period for
failure of Customer to pay amounts due under this Agreement is 45 days. CLM
Matrix may terminate this Agreement for convenience upon thirty (30) days prior
written notice to Customer. Customer is liable Tor any Unpaid Tees and expenses
associated for the terminated SOW(s) incurred up to the time of termination. In the
event of cancellation by Customer solely for-convenience CLM Matrixwilhbe paid
the undisputed billable hours and expenses at the time of cancellation

3. COMPENSATION. Unless otherwise specified in an Exhibit, invoices shall be sent
to: acctpay@sjnwmd.com. Consulting Services shall be billed on a time and materials
basis. Customer shall pay to CLM Matrix, as compensation for the services to be
rendered, the sum of $225 per hour for hours actually worked. Services and
expenses will be billed monthly and are due and payable forty-five (45) days following
the invoice date. Unless otherwise specified in an Exhibit, Customer will reimburse
CLM Matrix for all pre-approved, undisputed out-of-pocket expenses reasonably
incurred in rendering Services to Customer. Expenses may include, but are not limited
to, travel and transportation expenses, lodging and meals, and the cost of any
shipping, , printing of process charts at $8.50 sq. ft. and other related expenses subject
to Customer's travel expense reimbursement policies, a copy of which will be provided
to CLM Matrix. CLM Matrix shall use its best efforts to minimize expenses for a project.
If not otherwise specified in the applicable Exhibit Customer shall incur a late fee on
fees and expenses not paid to CLM Matnx as provided in this Agreement at the
Maximum amount chargeable by Florida law. Customer shall pay all reasonable
expenses incurred by CLM Matrix in enforcing any collection of fees or other nghts
under this Agreement including ail expenses of any legal proceeding related thereto

©2015 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved
Master Consulting Agreement - v0315

(including reasonable attomey fees). Quoted fees and expenses do not include sales
or use type taxes, value added tax ("VAT") and similar taxes (including similar foreign
taxes) (collectively, ‘Taxes"). CLM Matrix will invoice Customer for Taxes applicable
fo the fees and expenses, if any, and Customer shall pay such Taxes within thirty (30)
days of the applicable invoice date. CLM Matrix will remit any and all Taxes paid by
Customer to the appropriate taxing authority. Purchases by Customer shall be tax
exempt to the extent allowable pursuant to applicable law provided Customer provides
a valid tax exemption certificate to CLM Matrix prior to such purchase. Customer will
promptly notify CLM Matrix of any material change in Customer's tax exempt status.
Each monthly invoice shall include a list of each hourly rate SOW worked on and,
for each such SOW, a list of the personnel performing services, the job
classifications, the hourly rate charged for each and a description of expenses.
CLM Matrix shall maintain time records for all Consultant personnel assigned to the
Project that shall indicate the name of the individual, job title, date, number of hours
worked, and the task worked on. Such records shall be made available by CLM
Matrix upon the request of Customer. Customer shall pay CLM Matrix all undisputed
invoices presented Consultant under this Agreement within forty-five (45) days of
the receipt of such invoices.

4, NON-DISCLOSURE.

(a) Except as otherwise required by law, the Party to whom disclosure is made
(‘Recipient’) shall not, and shall cause each of its directors, officers, employees,
agents and representatives (collectively, Representatives’) not to, (i) disclose
the Confidential Information (defined below) to any person or entity other than
Representatives of Recipient that need to know the Confidential Information for
the purposes contemplated by this Agreement; or (ii) use the Confidential
Information for any purpose other than the purposes contemplated by this
Agreement. The Party disclosing the Confidential Information (“Discloser’) shali
take reasonable steps to prevent unauthorized use, copying and disclosure of the
Confidential Information by such persons.

(b) Promptly upon the written request of Discloser, Recipient shall, and shall cause
its Representatives to, retum to Discloser or destroy all Confidential Information.
“Confidential Information” means (i) a Party's trade secrets, inventions,
passwords, ideas, processes, formulas, data, works of authorship, know-how,
improvements, discoveries, development, new products, business plans,
business processes and procedures, budgets, unpublished financial statements
and financial projections, pricing and cost information, fees, suppliers, customers
and customer prospects; (ii) the Services; and (iti) all other information of
competitive or commercial value, or otherwise of a confidential or propnetary
nature disclosed by Discloser to Recipient in connection with this Agreement that
Discloser has designated confidential, provided such designation conforms to the
requirements of Florida's Public Records Law. Confidential Information excludes
information that becomes generally publicly available other than as a result of
disclosure by Recipient or any of its Representatives, becomes available to
Recipient on a non-confidential basis from a third-party that is not bound by a
similar duty of confidentiality, is independently developed by Recipient without
use or reference to Discloser's Confidential Information, information required to
be disclosed pursuant to state or federal !aw, or information that is not deemed
confidential under Florida's Public Records Law.
(d) Recipient may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by law, but
shall provide Discloser prompt notice to allow Discloser an opportunity to seek a
protective order or other relief

Cc

5. PROJECT ORGANIZATION. Prior to project start, Customer shall assign a full
time CLM Program Manager (“Program Manager’), who shall be responsible for
managing the Customer's project performance of its obligations under the terms of
the applicable SOW. In addition, this person will act as Matrix Software
Administrator (“Administrator”) responsible for assisting in the definition of the
contract process workflow, configuration of the software and acting as first and

B matrix

second level of support for the Matrix Software. CLM Matrix shall designate an
employee of sufficient management rank as Customer Project Manager (“Project
Manager’), who shall represent CLM Matrix and have responsibility for ensuring
that Customer performs its obligations under this Agreement and the SOW. The
Program Manager and CLM Matrix Project Manager will hold joint responsibility for
planning status meetings and will discuss issues as they arise. Formal telephone or
personal meetings between the Project Manager and CLM Matrix Project Manager
will be scheduled as deemed appropriate.

6. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES. CLM Matrix shall, upon request of Customer,
perform the following tasks (i.e., the assistance to be rendered and/or the services
to be performed, and/or resources to be provided, and/or applicable deliverables,
and/or obligations to be discharged by CLM Matrix)

Consulting Services shall include the following deliverables:

e Installation of Matrix Software

e Requirements Definition including Contract Process Map with applicable
phases, steps, tasks, rules, policies, notifications and alerts

Configuration of Matrix Software system to approved Contract Process Map
Initial testing and validation of system configuration

System deployment to production environment

Administrator and “Train the Trainer” in conjunction with Contributor training
Consulting Services not included as deliverables are Initial Rollout Support and Post
Deployment Support. Customer is responsible for licensing all necessary third-party
software, which must be identified by CLM Matrix.

 
       

    

   

A. Matrix Software License first 12
months
Months

13 to 60

$3,031

  
  
   
 

  
  

   

$3,594

Cost
Included

 

B. Annual Software Maintenance |

i |

©2015 CLM Matrix. All Rights Reserved
Master Consulting Agreement - v0315

 

Customer Contract 28378

MASTER CONSULTING AGREEMENT

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

C._ Matrix Software Installation Each 1 $1,750

D._CLM Consulting Services $225)hr. 175 est. $ 39,375
Optional: |

E. 2-Day CLM Administrator Training Each 1 Cost

(includes travel cost) included

in service

hours

F. Train the Trainer (includes travel | Each 1 Cost

cost) included

G. UAT/End User Support Day 1 Cost

included

in service

hours

H. Travel Budget LS 1 $2,500

The Matrix Software Installation fixed fee of $1,750 assumes a dedicated server
installation per CLM Matrix installation Instructions and Matrix Technical
Prerequisites. The 175 hours under Item 6.C above are allocated as follows (1) 30
professional service hours to CLM Matrix for work on the Web Service Wizard,
Matrix Historical Data Migration Wizard and Matrix Historical Document Migration
Wizard; (2) 25 professional service hours for work as directed by the Customer to
be completed within the first 12 month period, and (3) 120 professional service hours
for other work associated with software implementation. Additional professional
service hours, if needed, will be added through an amendment to the SOW

7, AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES. hy

Timot
Custom johns RiverAVater CLM Mgire k
Managém, 5 Ly - SParKS «: »
long LCL, he Iyer le —
Printed: Ann B. Shortelle, Ph.D. Printed: _limothy B. Sparks

CE

Title: Executive Director Title:
Date: e Date:

  

 

10/16/15

*) for and legality

Y

