
DATA PROTECTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS

This Appendix on Data Protection sets forth the rights and responsibilities of CLM Matrix
("Service Provider") and Tronox LLC ("Client") with respect to maintaining the privacy,
security and confidentiality of Personal Data and Confidential Information via an FTP or other
similar file exchange Process in connection with the performance of services or receipt of
Personal Data and Confidential Information under the Memorandum of Agreement by and
between Service Provider and Client (hereafter the "Agreement"). Service Provider's
obligations under this Appendix are in addition to any obligations under the Agreement and any
confidentiality or nondisclosure agreement between the Parties.

1 DEFINITIONS

For purposes of this Appendix, the following terms will have the meanings ascribed to
them in this section, notwithstanding any definitions used in the Agreement or elsewhere.

11 Confidential Information. For purposes of this Appendix, Confidential Information
means all information in any form that is disclosed by Tronox in connection with the
Agreement, including but not limited to technical know-how, concepts, ideas, formulas,
methods, processes and procedures of manufacturing and operations; customer and
supplier information including contracts; product information, development, research and
plans; and cost and pricing information. Failure to mark information as Confidential will
not render information non-confidential or non-proprietary.

1.2 Data Breach. Notwithstanding any applicable statutory definition, for purposes of this
Appendix, "Data Breach" means (a) any actual or potential unauthorized or accidental
access, use, loss, disclosure, or other Processing of any Personal Data or Confidential
Information that compromises the integrity and confidential nature of the Personal Data
or Confidential Information; (b) a breach of Service Provider's security or information
systems that could reasonably be expected to expose any Personal Data or Confidential
Information to such unauthorized or accidental access or use; or (c) a breach by Service
Provider of the Data Security Policies and Procedures and/or its obligations under the
sections thereto related to data security and security breach.

1.3 Data Laws. "Data Laws" means all privacy laws, data security laws, encryption laws,
and other laws as may be applicable to the use, unauthorized access, confidentiality, and
security of any Personal Data or Confidential Information subject to this Appendix or the
Agreement, and procedures related to the foregoing, including the domestic or
international transfer of Personal Data or Confidential Information.

1.4 Data Security Policies and Procedures. "Data Security Policies and Procedures”

means the data security and data breach procedures of Client that are communicated to
Service Provider from time to time.

1.5 Party or Parties. Service Provider and Client are each a "Party" and collectively are the
"Parties."

1.6

1.7

1.8

1.9

2.2

Personal Data. "Personal Data" means any information Client provides to Service
Provider in connection with the Agreement that is about, related to, or can be used to
identify an identifiable natural person, including but not limited to name, physical or e-
mail address, government issued identification number, credit card or other financial
account number, date of birth, gender, employer issued identification number, etc.

Personnel. "Personnel" means any individual or company that Service Provider or
Client employs or has employed as a partner, employee, subcontractor, or independent
contractor and with which Service Provider or Client comes into direct contact in the
course of the activities covered by this Appendix or the Agreement.

Process or Processing. The terms "Process" and "Processing" mean any activity
performed on or using Personal Data or Confidential Information including but not
limited to collection, transfer, disclosure, handling, storage, access, or any other use.

Third Party or Third Parties. The terms "Third Party" and "Third Parties" mean any
person(s) or entity(s) other than the Parties or their direct employees.

GENERAL OBLIGATIONS

General Rights and Responsibilities. Client, as the owner of the Personal Data or
Confidential Information, will comply with its obligations under the Data Laws, and
Service Provider, as the service provider, will treat all Personal Data or Confidential
Information in accordance with the terms of this Appendix, any confidentiality or
nondisclosure agreement between the Parties, the Data Security Policies and Procedures,
written instructions from Client, and all applicable Data Laws. The Parties acknowledge
that in relation to any Personal Data or Confidential Information controlled and owned by
Client and Processed by Service Provider in connection with the Agreement: (a) Service
Provider is acting solely as a service provider and has no discretion regarding the
purpose(s) for which such Personal Data or Confidential Information is Processed; (b)
Client alone will determine the purposes for which and the manner in which such
Personal Data or Confidential Information will be Processed by Service Provider; and (c)
Service Provider will only access, use, disclose, retain or otherwise Process such Personal
Data or Confidential Information in accordance with the provisions of this Appendix or
as directed by Client. Service Provider will provide Client with such cooperation and
assistance as Client may reasonably require from Service Provider in order to assist

Client in fulfilling its responsibilities under the Data Laws.

Processing of Personal Data or Confidential Information. Service Provider will
Process Personal Data or Confidential Information solely for the purpose of performing
under the Agreement. Personal Data or Confidential Information will be and remain the
property of Client. Where, in connection with the Agreement or this Appendix, Service
Provider Processes Personal Data or Confidential Information on behalf of Client,
Service Provider will: (a) Process such Personal Data or Confidential Information in
accordance with the Agreement or on written instructions from Client and only to the
extent reasonably necessary or appropriate for the performance under the Agreement; (b)

2.3

3.2

3.3

3.4

4.2

not disclose such Personal Data or Confidential Information to any person or entity
except as required or permitted by this Appendix or with Client's written consent; and (c)
not sell, assign, lease, or otherwise commercially exploit such Personal Data or
Confidential Information.

International Transfers. Service Provider shall not transfer Personal Data or
Confidential Information to any location outside of its country of origin without express
written consent from Client.

SECURITY MEASURES

General Security Requirements. Prior to Processing any Personal Data or Confidential
Information on behalf of Client, Service Provider will implement physical, technical, and
organizational measures and safeguards with respect to Personal Data or Confidential
Information and the Processing of same against accidental or unlawful destruction or
accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosures or access, and against all other
unlawful forms of Processing, consistent with the obligations contained herein, with the
Data Security Policies and Procedures, and with the Data Laws. The Parties

acknowledge that the level of security measures that is appropriate will depend on the
sensitivity of the type of Personal Data or Confidential Information, the risks represented
by the Processing of such Personal Data or Confidential Information, and the harm that is
likely to result from a breach of security, industry standards, and Data Laws.

Limitation on Access. Service Provider will limit access to Personal Data or
Confidential Information to those authorized Service Provider Personnel who have a
business need to access the Personal Data or Confidential Information in the provision of
services under the Agreement.

Transmission. The Parties will follow industry standards and the Data Security Policies
and Procedures when transmitting Personal Data or Confidential Information.

Network Security. Service Provider's network security will comply with the Data
Security Policies and Procedures.

DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA

Disclosures to Third Parties. Service Provider will not rent, sell disclose, store, retain,
use, or otherwise Process any Personal Data or Confidential Information except as
necessary and proper to perform the services under the Agreement. Service Provider
will disclose Personal Data or Confidential Information only following receipt of Client’s
written approval and only to its Personnel and any Third Parties who have a need to know
such Personal Data or Confidential Information, and only to the extent as is necessary for
the performance of services under the Agreement and for no other reasons.

Disclosures Required by Law. Service Provider may disclose Personal Data or
Confidential Information as required by any law, including Data Laws, or a governmental
authority having jurisdiction over Service Provider that orders such disclosure. In the

5.2

5.3

5.4

event of any such required disclosure, Service Provider will notify Client in advance of
such disclosure and reasonably cooperate with Client’s effort to minimize the extent of
such disclosure and maintain the confidentiality of such Personal Data or Confidential
Information.

DATA BREACH

Service Provider Obligations. Service Provider will notify Client promptly, but in no
event later than forty-eight (48) hours after any actual or reasonably suspected Data
Breach, and transmit a written follow-up to such oral notice no later than three (3) days
after such oral notice. Each Party will provide all necessary and reasonable cooperation
to the other with respect to the notification, investigation, and prosecution of such Data
Breach. Unless the Data Breach is attributable wholly and directly to Client, Service
Provider will promptly (a) take all reasonable measures to remediate any such Data
Breach; (b) provide Client with a written report of what Service Provider did to
remediate; (c) provide Client with a written plan identifying the measures Service
Provider will implement to avoid any subsequent Data Breach of similar nature; and (d)
comply with all Data Laws.

Notice to Individuals or other entities of Data Breach. In accordance with any
obligations under Data Laws, Client will determine whether and when to provide notice
of a Data Breach to (a) any individuals whose Personal Information is impacted by such
Data Breach; (b) any governmental body; and/or (c) any other entity, including, but not
limited to, consumer credit reporting agencies or the media. Client will approve the
content of any and all such notices before they are distributed. Service Provider shall
reimburse Client of any costs or expenses Client incurs in the provision of such notices.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Service Provider is permitted to comply with all Data
Laws and other laws to which it is subject.

Notice to Client of Data Breach. Service Provider's written notice to Client under
Section 5.1 should include all known details of the Data Breach as of the time it is
provided, which shall be supplemented in writing as new information becomes available.
Service Provider shall provide additional available information as Client deems relevant
for purposes of determining whether it is necessary, under Data Laws or in Client’s
discretion, to provide notice to any individuals or entities under Section 5.2. All such
notices to Client pursuant to this Section 5 shall be sent to:

Tronox LLC

263 Tresser Boulevard
Suite 1100

Stamford, CT 06901

Attn: Steven Kaye, Deputy General Counsel Steven.Kaye @tronox.com

 

Indemnification. Service Provider shall indemnify and hold Client harmless for any
Data Breach attributable to Service Provider's Processing of Personal Data.

5.5

Application of Provision. This Section 5 applies only to Data Breaches attributable to,
arising from, or otherwise related to Service Provider's Processing of Personal Data or
Confidential Information. Service Provider's obligations under this Section 5 apply to all
such Data Breaches irrespective of whether such obligations are required under Data
Laws.

Termination Upon Data Breach. In the event of a material Data Breach, Client shall
have the option to suspend and/or terminate the Agreement within 180 days of the initial
notification of a Data Breach. If Client elects to suspend or terminate under this Section
5, no termination costs shall apply, no penalties of any kind shall be assessed against
Client, and Service Provider will not be relieved of any responsibilities remaining under
the Agreement that they would otherwise have.

AUDIT AND VERIFICATION

Audit and Inspection. Service Provider will provide reasonable cooperation to Client
(and any governmental authorities with jurisdiction in connection with an audit requested
by Client) to audit and verify Service Provider's data security systems and procedures in
order to confirm Client's and Service Provider's respective and collective compliance
with its obligations under this Appendix and with applicable law including but not
limited to Data Laws.

AMENDMENTS

The Parties in good faith agree to revisit and amend this Appendix from time to time, as
necessary to comply with changes to Data Laws or other applicable law as they may
apply to the Service Provider's performance of services under the Agreement and related
Processing of Personal Data or Confidential Information. As between the Parties, Service
Provider is responsible for identification and compliance with the Data Laws as they
may apply to Service Provider's performance under the Agreement and related
Processing of Personal Data or Confidential Information, and as such Data Laws may be
amended; provided that Client may require Service Provider to comply with any Data

Law that Client, in its reasonable discretion, determines applies to Service Providers
performance under the Agreement or related Processing of Personal Data or Confidential
Information.

DUTIES REGARDING DATA AND RECORD RETENTION AFTER
TERMINATION

Upon termination or expiration of the Agreement, or upon request by Client at any time
with respect to particular Personal Data or Confidential Information not required by
Service Provider to perform its obligations under the Agreement, (a) Service Provider
will return to Client the Personal Data or Confidential Information and records or data
containing copies of Personal Data or Confidential Information, and (b) Service Provider
will remove all Personal Data or Confidential Information from its applications and

databases and will use mutually approved data destruction methods to remove Personal
Data or Confidential Information from its back-up systems.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been executed by the parties as of the dates
stated below. Timor Digitally signed

by Timothy B.
Sparks
Date

Tune Ee. Sasa at a6 5100

Timothy B Sparks [Contact Name]
CLM Matrix Tronox LLC

 

April 27, 2018 Date Signed

