
~
=

ENVESTNET

2020 ENVESTNET ADVISOR SUMMIT
SPONSORSHIP AGREEMENT

This 2020 Envestnet Advisor Summit Sponsorship Agreement ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of January
1, 2020 (the "Effective Date") by and between Envestnet Financial Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(‘Envestnet’) and Janus Capital Management LLC ("Sponsor").

Envestnet will be hosting the 2020 Envestnet Advisor Summit on April 29 & 30, 2020 at the Austin Convention
Center in Austin, Texas (the: “Conference”). The Conference will host registered investment advisors and
independent broker dealers for a two day meeting that will feature key industry leaders speaking about today's
investment climate, as well as strategies to help financial advisors to grow their business

In consideration of the representations and warranties contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
the parties agree as follows:

1.

Space Assignment

Floor space in the exhibit hall will be assigned on a first come, first paid basis. No space will be assigned
until full payment is received Prior to the Conference, Envestnet reserves the right to change Sponsor's
space assignment as it becomes necessary to do so to comply with floor space and building restrictions
and limitations

Arrangement of Exhibits

Envestnet shall provide Sponsor with one draped table and one wastebasket for use at the Sponsor's
assigned floor space at the Conference (as applicable) Any computer equipment, electricity, phone lines
and/or labor to be used within the assigned floor space will be provided by Sponsor at Sponsor's own
expense and responsibility If Sponsor requires access to any computer equipment, electricity, phone lines
and/or labor, Sponsor will be required to purchase these items directly from the official building supplier.
Envestnet will provide additional information regarding such purchases to Sponsor prior to the Conference.

Payment and Sponsorship level

Sponsor shall pay all fees for the selected sponsorship level as specified In Exhibit A of this Agreement.
Payment is due in full within thirty (30) days upon receipt of the invoice. Envestnet will not assign floor
space to the Sponsor until full payment has been received. In connection with the sponsorship
commitment, if the Envestnet Institute sponsorship is selected, Sponsor shall be subject to the applicable
fees and the additional terms and conditions attached hereto as Exhibit B. Envestnet hosts an educational
website (the "Envestnet Institute Portal" or the “Portal"}, and the Envestnet Institute Sponsorship shall
enable Sponsor to participate as a content provider on the Envestnet Institute Portal (the "Envestnet
Institute Program")

Cancellations

All cancellation requests must be submitted in email form to Sponsorship@envestnet.com. If Sponsor
notifies Envestnet of its cancellation more than 60 days before the Conference, Sponsor will receive a 75%
refund of Sponsor's payment. This Agreement is non-cancelable 60 days cr less prior to the event, upon
which, the Sponsor is fully responsible for all charges as outlined on the registration form, regardless of
whether Sponsor uses the assigned floor space.

General Restrictions

Sponsor's assigned floor space in the exhibit hall will allow for a six foot tabletop, provided by Envestnet
Conference sponsors will be assigned to floor space with additional dimensions. Envestnet will provide
Conference sponsors with additional details on exhibitor Hoar space prior to the Conference. Sponsors are
permitted to utilize tabletop displays and banners only. All displays, signage, banners, marketing materials and
giveaways must fit within the confines of the assigned floor space. Displays may not interfere with or block
visibility of another exhibitor's floor space or displays. Sponsors will not be permitted to post or hang signs or
banners on the permanent walls or ceiling of the exhibitor hall. The use of flammable materials or amplifying
equipment is strictly prohibited. Envestnet reserves the right to require modifications of any exhibit for any
reason.

~
=

ENVESTNET

 

10.

11.

Warranty

Sponsor represents and warrants that Sponsor's displays will not libel, defame, or invade the privacy of any
person, partnership. corporation or other entity; that it does not constitute an infringement of any copyright or
any other intellectual property right of any kind; that it does not contain obscene or unlawful material; and that
reasonable care has been used to check the accuracy of the facts and statements presented.

Liabilities

Sponsor agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Envestnet and its affiliates, employees and
agents, and the hosting facility, from and against any and all losses based on or arising out of: (a) damage
to, destruction of, or loss of property or the injury to or death of any employee or agent of Envestnet,
Sponsor or any third party arising out of or in connection with Sponsor, its personnel, agents or sub-
contractors’ action or failure to act; (b) Sponsor's material breach of any representation, warranty or
obligation under this Agreement; and (c) any untrue statement of material fact or omission to state a
material fact required to be stated in any material displayed or distributed by Sponsor at or in connection
with the Conference. Envestnet and its affiliates will not be liable for failure to hold the Conference or host
the exhibit hall, as scheduled, due to a result of any force majeure including, but not limited to, fire, flood,
earthquake, severe weather event. acts of God, war, terrorism, riot, disease outbreak, travel deemed
inadvisable or otherwise restricted, labor dispute, or any other act beyond the control of Envestnet which
makes it impossible or impractical to hold the Conference or host the exhibit hall. In the event of
cancellation by Envestnet due to force majeure, Envestnet will return the amount paid by the Sponsor, less
the actual expenses incurred by Envestnet.

Insurance

Sponsor agrees to maintain such insurance coverage as shall be reasonably applicable for the Sponsor's
Participation in the Conference In the event Sponsor wishes to insure its materials, goods, and/or wares on
display in the exhibit hall against damage by fire, accident. loss, or liability of any kind, Sponsor must do so
at Sponsor's own expense. Envestnet will provide security service during the hours the Conference is open,
including the official periods of exhibit installation and dismantling The furnishing of such service is in no
case to be understood or interpreted by Sponsor as guaranteeing Sponsor against loss or theft of any
kind.

Rules and Regulations

Sponsor will abide by all other provisions of these rules and regulations, and by such additional rules and
regulations that may be established by the Austin Convention Center. Sponsor agrees to comply with and
be bound by laws of the state of Texas.

Non-Competition

Sponsor shall not engage in or participate in any unfair competition with Envestnet during the Conference
Sponsor agrees not to contact, directly or indirectly, other exhibitors or clients disclosed by Envestnet for
purposes of soliciting business away from Envestnet, or for introducing such clients to any third parties who
have any business interest which competes with Envestnet.

General Provisions

Sponsor may not assign or delegate any services or sums payable under this Agreement. This Agreement is
made and entered into under the laws of the state of Illinois. The parties hereby consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction of, and venue in, any state court of competent jurisdiction located in the state of Illinois for the
purposes of adjudicating any matter arising from or in connection with this Agreement. This Agreement contains
the entire agreement of the parties as to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any previous agreements
between the parties.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties, by their duly authorized representatives, have executed this Agreement as of
the Effective Date first written above.

Janus Capital Management LLC Envestnet Financial Technologies, Inc.

By:

Title: | Head of Advisor Distribution

Name: John Ingram

By:
Name: Estee Jimerson

Title: | Managing Director

= ENVESTNET

 

Exhibit A
Sponsorship Packages

The parties acknowledge and agree that Sponsor shall select its requested sponsorship level and corresponding fees
by indicating an "X" or check-mark in the applicable fields as indicated below:

¥ (Check if selected) Option 1: Gold Sponsorship - $35,000

(Check if selected) Envestnet Institute Program: Additional $5,000 fee
(Check if selected) Option 2: Exhibitor Sponsorship -$15,000
(Check if selected) Envestnet Institute Program Additional $10,000 fee

(Check if selected) Option 3: Technology Pavilion Sponsorship - $10,000

N/A (Check if selected) Envestnet Institute Program

(Check if selected) Option 4: Emerging Sponsorship - $8,000

N/A (Check if selected) Envestnet Institute Program

Additional Promotional Opportunities:

(Check if selected) Cocktail Reception Napkins - $4,000

(Check if selected) Water Bottle - $7,000

(Check if selected) Headshot Station - $10,000

(Check if selected) Hotel Room Gift Drop -$15,000

(Check if selected) Charging Stations - $12,000

(Check if selected) Hotel Keycards - $20,000

(Check if selected) Final Night Party VIP Room + $35,000

(Check if selected) Band Sponsor for Final Night Party - $35,000

{Check if selected) Pinned Post In App - $4,000

(Check if selected) Expo Passport Program - $500

(Check if selected) 30-Minute Showcase Session - $10,000

=
-_

 

ENVESTNET

Exhibit B
Terms and Conditions of Use of Envestnet Institute Program

If selected by Sponsor in Exhibit A, the following terms and conditions shall apply:

1.

(a)

(c)

Envestnet Institute Program.

During the term of this Addendum, Envestnet shall make available to Sponsor the ability to participate in
the Envestnet Institute Program (the "Services"). Envestnet hereby grants Sponsor a non-exclusive, non
transferable license to use the information available within and derived from the Portal and Services. The
license granted under this Agreement is effective for one (1) year) or until terminated as provided herein
Envestnet may terminate this Agreement at any time immediately upon notice in the event that Sponsor
breaches any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or provide content for the Portal that
Envestnet deems, in its sole discretion, to be unacceptable Sponsor agrees that it will abide by all
applicable laws, rules and regulations, including the rules, regulations and orders of any Self Regulatory
Organization applicable to the operation of the Portal.

Envestnet, in its sole discretion, shall determine which content shall be used within the Envestnet Institute
Program. AU Sponsor content shall be subject to certain requirements as indicated by Envestnet, which
include, but are not limited to: title, date published, firm logo, category, etc. Envestnet does not guarantee
any user metrics associated with Sponsor's participation in the Services

Intellectual Property.

For purposes of this Agreement, the Portal means the educational website hosted by Envestnet, the
underlying software and any materials developed or created in whole or in part. Envestnet and its
licensors shall retain all right title and interest in all aspects of the Portal, including any intellectual
property rights therein (including, without limitation, copyrights, trademarks. trade names, patents, trade
secrets, applications for any of the foregoing, etc.) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
Envestnet reserves all rights to use and/or license the Portal, including the right to modify and license the
Portal and any derivative works thereof. Sponsor further agrees that that this Agreement grants no right or
license with respect to the Portal or its content and Sponsor agrees that it will not use any trademarks
trade names, service marks or logos (the "Marks") belonging to Envestnet, except as part of the
sponsorship, as set forth in this Appendix.

Access to the Portal granted as part of the Services shall not include the right to publish, disclose, assign, make
available on any timesharing, service bureau rental or similar basis, modify, merge, publish, sell, transfer,
decompile, or reverse engineer the Portal, or any part thereof. Sponsor shall not attempt to create the source
code from the object code for the Portal. In addition, Sponsor may not solicit or encourage other Internet sites
or on-line services to link directly to any part of the Portal without the prior written consent of Envestnet and
Sponsor shall not authorize any third party Internet site or on-line service to “frame” the Portal (e.g.,
incorporating content from the Portal into such third party's Internet site). In the event a third party does link to
the Portal without Envestnet's consent or "frames" the Portal, Sponsor (to the extent it becomes aware of such
activity) shall promptly notify Envestnet of the linkage and cooperate with Envestnet in causing such third party
to cease and desist from such framing. All technology and/or data licensed, made, conceived, or developed by
a third party and used by Envestnet in creating the Portal or performing services for Envestnet ("Third Party
Technology") shall remain the property of such third party or such third party's licensors, unless otherwise
agreed by the applicable parties in writing

Sponsors postings on the Portal will be the original work of Sponsor or Sponsor will have the rights in or
to the materials in which Sponsor has on the Portal and that the work does not infringe the patent,
copyright, trade secret and trademark rights of any third party. Sponsor's trademarks, label designs,
product identifications, artwork, and other symbols and devices associated with Sponsor's Products
("Sponsor's Trademarks") are and shall remain Sponsor's property, and Sponsor shall take all steps
reasonable necessary to protect such Sponsor's Trademarks through US. federal registrations and
foreign registrations as it deems desirable and through reasonable prosecution of infringements
Envestnet is hereby authorized to use Sponsor's Trademarks in advertising and promoting the Portal

during the Term of this Agreement. provided the content has been submitted on behalf of the Sponsor
The right to use Sponsor's Trademarks is non-exclusive, nonassignable and nontransferable.

s
_

ENVESTNET

 

Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability. ENVESTNET INTENDS THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON
THE PORTAL TO BE ACCURATE AND RELIABLE, HOWEVER, ERRORS SOMETIMES OCCUR. THE
PORTAL IS PROVIDED "AS IS". ENVESTNET AND ITS AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT AND THE PORTAL, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILTI Y, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. SPONSOR
AGREES THAT ALL RISK WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER, ESTABLISHMENT, OPERATION, AND
MAINTENANCE OF THE PORTAL, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE USE OF CONTENT OF THE
PORTAL RESTS WITH SPONSOR. ENVESTNET IS NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR INJURY, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY ANY PERFORMANCE, FAILURE OF
PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR
TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR
UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, OR USE OF INFORMATION, WHETHER RESULTING, IN
WHOLE OR IN PART, FROM BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTIOUS BEHAVIOR, NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWI SE. ENVESTNET SHALL HAVE NO TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHER LIABILITY TO SPONSOR
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,
ANY LIABILITY FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

Indemnification. Sponsor agrees to indemnify, save and hold Envestnet harmless. its officers, directors.
employees, agents and affiliates from any and all loss, claim, liability, cost, damage or expense, including
without limitation, costs of litigation and reasonable attorneys’ fees (collectively “Losses”) arising out of or
by reason of any breach of Sponsor's actions or inactions in relation to this Agreement, any act or omission
which is a violation of applicable statutes, laws or regulations or arising from Sponsor's gross negligence or
willful misconduct, anything the Sponsor has on the Portal that infringes the patent, copyright, trade secret
and trademark rights of any third party or the use or misuse of the Envestnet Institute Program. Portal,
Services, or any component thereof by Sponsor These indemnification obligations shall survive termination
of the Agreement.

Independent Contractor. Sponsor shall at all times during the term of this Agreement, be acting and performing
hereunder as an independent contractor. Neither this Agreement nor the performance of the Services hereunder
shall be considered to create a joint venture or partnership between Envestnet and Sponsor. Sponsor will not
utilize anything contained in the Portal in any way without written consent, such as, but not limited to, use of
Envestnet's logo or use of an Envestnet's name in press releases. Under no circumstances shall either party
employ the other's name in such a manner as to create the impression that the relationship created or intended
between them is anything other than what is described in this Agreement.

