
ee “
SERVICES AGREEMENT . GO P i
PR O14 2008
THIS AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made as ofthe _ day of , 2009 by

and among: (1) National Financial Services LLC (“NFS”) and Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
(“FBS”) (solely with respect to Articles One and Three); (2) Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”) (solely with respect to Articles Two and Three); and (3) Janus
Distributors LLC (“Distributor”) and Janus Services LLC (“Janus Services”). This Agreement is made
with respect to the series and classes of shares of any open-end investment company as set forth on
Exhibit C, as amended from time to time, (each a “Fund” and collectively, the “Funds”). Distributor
and Janus Services shall be collectively referred to as “Fund/Agent” herein. NFS, FBS, and FIIOC are
collectively referred to as “Fidelity” herein.

RECITALS

A. The entity executing this Agreement as Fund/Agent is one of the following: (i) the principal
underwriter or distributor for the Funds, or (ii) the transfer agent for the Funds.

B. NFS acts as broker or clearing broker for its customers and as clearing broker for customers of
its introducing broker-dealers (including its affiliate, FBS) to, among other things, effect the
purchase, redemption, or exchange of shares of investment companies.

C.  Fund/Agent wishes to have NFS and FBS provide to Fund/Agent or on its behalf certain
administrative services with respect to beneficial owners of shares ("Shareholder(s)") of such
Fund which NFS has made available to Shareholders through the following, which will be
referred to collectively and individually as the “Brokerage Channels”: (i) securities brokerage
accounts carried by NFS on behalf of FBS, including, but not limited to, FBS customers,
accounts of various family office clients, accounts maintained for employee benefit plans
through third-party administrators, and accounts maintained through registered investment
advisers, banks, and trust companies; and (ii) securities brokerage accounts carried by NFS on
behalf of unaffiliated broker/ dealer correspondents of NFS ("Correspondents"). NFS and FBS
agree to provide such services in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Article
One hereof.

D. _ FIIOC provides administrative and recordkeeping services for certain employee benefit plans
(the “FIIOC Plans”).

 

E. _ Fund/Agent desires that FIIOC serve as limited agent to accept orders for the purchase,
exchange, and redemption of shares of the Funds by the Plans (the “FIIOC Channel”). FIIOC
agrees to provide such services in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Article
Two hereof.

F. The Brokerage Channels and the FIIOC Channel are referred to collectively as the “Channels.”

DEFINITIONS

A. “1934 Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

B. “1940 Act” means the Investment Company Act of 1940.

C. “Business Day” means any day that the New York Stock Exchange is open for business.

-I-

ee

D. “Brokerage Channels” means (i) securities brokerage accounts carried by NFS on behalf of FBS,
including, but not limited to, FBS customers, accounts of various family office clients, accounts
maintained for employee benefit plans through third-party administrators, and accounts
maintained through registered investment advisers, banks, and trust companies; and (ii)
securities brokerage accounts carried by NFS on behalf of Correspondents.

E. “Channels” means, individually and collectively, the Brokerage Channels and the FIIOC
Channel.

F. “Charitable Gift Fund Pools” or “CGF Pools” means those donor-advised unregistered pools for
which Strategic Advisers, Inc., a Fidelity affiliate, acts as non-discretionary investment
manager.

G. “Close of Trading” means the close of trading on the New York Stock Exchange.

H. “Correspondent” means an unaffiliated introducing broker/ dealer client of NFS.

I. “EDT” means electronic data transmission.

J. “Fidelity System” means the NFS transaction processing and recordkeeping system.

K. “FIIOC Channel” means accounts held by certain employee benefit plans for which FIIOC
provides administrative and recordkeeping services, but excluding any accounts held through
Fidelity Investments Institutional Services Company, Inc.

L. “FIIOC Plans” means certain employee benefit plans for which FIIOC provides administrative
and recordkeeping services, but excluding any accounts held through Fidelity Investments
Institutional Services Company, Inc.

M. “FMTC” means Fidelity Management Trust Company, an affiliate of FIIOC.

“FPRS” means the Fidelity Participant Recordkeeping System.

OQ. “Fund” or “Funds” means one or more series or class of shares of any open-end investment
company registered under the 1940 Act and set forth on Exhibit C, as amended from time to
time, or other wise contemplated by this Agreement.

P. “Intermediary Plans” means, without limitation, those defined contribution plans, defined benefit
plans, and governmental retirement plans for which third party administrators and other
intermediaries (such as investment advisers, broker/dealers and other investment professionals)

may provide administrative and recordkeeping services.

Q. “Losses” means any and all claims, demands, actions, losses, damages, liabilities, or costs,
charges, counsel fees, and expenses of any nature.

R. “No Transaction Fee Fund” means any fund that is subject to a Brokerage Channel Asset-Based
Fee. In purchasing a No Transaction Fee Fund, customers do not pay a transaction fee to NFS or
a sales charge to the Fund.

S. “NSCC” means the National Securities Clearing Corporation.

-2-

 

eel

 

T. “Pricing Information” means, with respect to any Fund, (1) the confirmed net asset value for
such Fund at the Close of Trading on the applicable Business Day, (2) the change in such Fund's
net asset value from the Close of Trading on the prior Business Day, (3) in the case of Funds
which pay a daily dividend, the latest daily accrual for interest rate factor (“mil rate”), and (4)
on ex dividend date, if applicable, dividend and capital gain information.

U. “Proprietary Information” means any and all technical, trade secret, or business information,
including, without limitation, financial information, business or marketing strategies or plans,
product development or customer information.

V. “Prospectus” means, with respect to any Fund, the then current prospectus including any
supplements thereto.

W. “SAI Funds” means those open-end investment companies registered under the 1940 Act, for
which Strategic Advisers, Inc., a Fidelity affiliate, acts as investment adviser.

X. “Shareholder” means a beneficial owner of shares of any Fund.
Y. “Shares” means units of ownership interest in any Fund.

Z. “Transaction Fee Fund” means any fund that is not subject to a Brokerage Channel Asset-Based
Fee. When purchasing a Transaction Fee Fund, customers must pay a transaction fee to NFS or
a sales charge to the Fund.

ARTICLE ONE - Brokerage Channels

In consideration of the promises and mutual covenants set forth herein and to the extent that any
Fund is available through the Brokerage Channels, NFS, FBS, and Fund/Agent agree as follows:

I. Shareholder Services

A. Shareholder Account Set-up and Maintenance

NFS shall maintain and provide to the Brokerage Channels adequate facilities and procedures to: (1)
establish and maintain Fund investments on behalf of Shareholders within a consolidated brokerage
account(s) on the Fidelity System, and (2) access Shareholders' current Fund information including, but
not limited to, share balances, dividend information, and transaction history.

B. Shareholder Assistance

NFS shall make available to Correspondents any information maintained by NFS as may be reasonably
requested by Correspondents in connection with the resolution of Shareholder servicing inquiries
relating to the Funds. NFS personnel will assist, as applicable, Correspondents in the investigation of
Shareholder inquiries when necessary. FBS will provide shareholder assistance for Shareholders who
maintain brokerage accounts with FBS.

 

 

 

Cc. Transaction Processing and Settlement

The Fidelity System shall enable Shareholders to purchase, redeem and exchange shares of available
Funds. NFS shall facilitate settlement with each Fund for any Shareholder transactions transmitted to
NFS by the Brokerage Channels on behalf of Shareholders.

Fund/Agent agrees that it shall make arrangements for all transactions processed pursuant to this
Agreement to be processed through the NSCC Fund/SERV system. Unless specifically stated otherwise
in this Agreement, orders received by NFS or FBS before the Close of Trading on any Business Day
will receive that Business Day’s next applicable price. Any order received by NFS or FBS after the
Close of Trading on any Business Day shall be treated as if received on the next Business Day.

In order for NFS to begin transaction processing, Fund/Agent must make a representation of
participation with the NSCC. Refer to the Bilateral NSCC Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit E.

Dz. Agency Trading

Fund/Agent desires that NFS serve as limited agent for the purpose of accepting orders for the purchase,
exchange and redemption of Shares by (i) Intermediary Plans, (ii) SAI Funds, and (iii) Charitable Gift
Fund Pools. The terms governing such agency trading arrangement are set forth on Exhibit D.

E. Shareholder Account Statement Preparation and Distribution

With respect to each Shareholder holding Fund investments through NFS, NFS shall deliver or cause to
be delivered statements, in written or electronic format, to such Shareholder at least quarterly.
Statements will include transaction details for the statement period for each Fund in which shares were
purchased, redeemed, or exchanged, and a summary of the number of Fund shares owned and share
value thereof as of the statement date to the extent such value is provided to NFS by the Fund.

F. Confirmation Preparation and Distribution

To the extent confirmation of a particular transaction is required by federal securities laws, NFS shall
generate a written confirmation for such purchase, redemption, or exchange transaction for Fund
transactions processed through NFS. Such confirmation shall be distributed to Shareholders in written or
electronic format through or on behalf of the Brokerage Channels.

G. Payment of Fund Distributions

NFS shall distribute to Shareholders all dividend, capital gain, or other payments authorized by the Fund
and distributed to and received by NFS, and such distributions, including, but not limited to, dividend
reinvestment into the Fund or cash payments of distributions shall be credited to Shareholders.

H. Prospectus Fulfillment

Fund/Agent shall be responsible for production and delivery costs to Fidelity of the Prospectus and
periodic Fund reports, and hereby agrees to provide the Prospectuses and periodic Fund reports to
Fidelity, or to any such third-party vendor selected by Fidelity, in such sufficient quantity as is
reasonably necessary for Fidelity or such third-party vendor to provide to Shareholders.

Subsequent to any Shareholder’s acquisition of Shares by purchase or exchange, NFS or such
Correspondent shall provide to such Shareholder, in written or electronic form, or provide electronic

-4-

 

 

access to, a confirming Prospectus for such Fund to the extent such Prospectus is required by federal
securities laws with respect to such acquisition and is provided by the Fund to NFS or its designee. NFS
will provide to Shareholders, at its expense, Fund Prospectuses, Prospectus updates and shareholder
reports provided by the Fund in accordance with applicable law, and will provide a Fund Statement of
Additional Information to Shareholders upon request and in accordance with applicable law.

Fund/Agent acknowledges and agrees that neither NFS nor FBS is responsible for: (i) the compliance of
any Prospectus or supplement thereto, annual report, proxy statement, or item of advertising or
marketing material of or relating to any Fund, with any applicable laws, rules, or regulations (except for
advertising and marketing materials prepared by or on behalf of Fidelity); (ii) the registration or
qualification of any shares of any Fund under any federal or applicable state laws; or (iii) the
compliance by any Fund or Fund/Agent or any "affiliated person" (as that term is defined in the rules
under the 1940 Act), with any applicable federal or state law, rule, or regulation or the rules and
regulations of any regulatory or self-regulatory organization with jurisdiction over such Fund,
Fund/Agent, or affiliated person.

I Proxies

Fund/Agent shall be responsible for all costs associated with the production and distribution of proxy
materials.

J. Account Level Tax Reporting

NFS shall provide Federal tax information to Shareholders through the Brokerage Channels on IRS
Forms 1099-DIV, 1099-INT and 1042-S as may be required by the then-prevailing laws and regulations
under the Internal Revenue Code.

Il. Compensation

For their services under Article One, NFS and FBS shall be entitled to the fees set forth in Exhibit A
attached to this Agreement, as said Exhibit may be amended from time to time.

Il. Miscellaneous

A. Customer Fees

(i) No Transaction Fee Fund Program

During the term of this Agreement, the parties acknowledge and agree that NFS and
FBS reserve the right to impose their own short term trading fees on certain customers
upon such customers’ redemption of certain shares, or for other trading services.

(ii) Transaction Fee Fund Program

During the term of this Agreement, NFS or FBS may, subject to applicable law, assess
against or collect from their brokerage customers any transaction fee upon the purchase,
redemption, or exchange of such Funds in their sole discretion. All such fees shall
accrue directly to NFS and/or FBS and shall not be remitted to the Fund or the
Fund/Agent.

 

B. Arbitration

In the event of a dispute between NFS or FBS and Fund/Agent relating to or arising out of this
Agreement or the relationship of said parties hereto, said parties will submit the matter to arbitration in
accordance with this sub-section:

(i) Arbitration will be held in accordance with the rules and regulations of the NASD Code
of Arbitration Procedure, except, (i) in the event that the NASD is unwilling to accept
jurisdiction of the matter, such arbitration will be held in accordance with the rules and
regulations of the American Arbitration Association under the Commercial Arbitration
Procedures then in effect, and (ii) in the event that a non-party to this Agreement brings
an arbitration against Fund/Agent, NFS or FBS relating to or arising out of this
Agreement, then the parties agree to arbitrate in whichever arbitration forum such
arbitration is brought. In the event that (i) a non-party initiates a judicial proceeding
against Fund/Agent or a Fund relating to, or arising out of, this Agreement, (ii) such
claim cannot be compelled to arbitration, or (iii) either party asserts a claim against the
other party in connection with such proceeding, then the parties agree to submit to the
jurisdiction of the court in that judicial proceeding.

(ii) If the arbitration is brought by NFS, FBS or Fund/Agent, the number of arbitrators will
be three (3), and they will be selected in accordance with the rules and regulations of
the NASD Code of Arbitration Procedure or American Arbitration Association under
the Commercial Arbitration Procedures then in effect, as appropriate. To the extent
possible, the arbitrators shall be attorneys specializing in securities law. The arbitration
shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. Sections 1-16, to the
exclusion of state laws inconsistent therewith, and judgment upon the award may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction.

(iii) | NFS, FBS, and Fund/Agent will each bear its own expenses, including legal and expert
fees, if any, with respect to the arbitration. The arbitrator will designate the party to
bear the costs of the arbitration forum and arbitrator’s fees or the respective amounts of
such costs to be borne by each party. Any costs or fees, including attorneys fees,
involved in enforcing the award shall be fully assessed against and paid by the party
resisting or preventing enforcement of the award.

(iv) Nothing in this section will prevent NFS, FBS or Fund/Agent from resorting to judicial
proceedings or otherwise for injunctive relief to prevent or limit irreparable harm or
injury to such a party.

Cc. Sales Charge Reductions

Sales charges of the Fund may be subject to reductions under a variety of circumstances as described by
the Fund in the FundsNetwork Mutual Fund Addition Form or other successive method or form. To
implement these reductions, the Fund/Agent hereby agrees, upon request, to assist NFS and FBS to
ensure that Shareholders receive the correct sales charges on their purchases. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, NFS and FBS acknowledge it is their responsibility, or that of the underlying intermediary if
not NFS or FBS, to determine and apply the correct sales charges for the underlying client accounts.

D. Frequent Trading

NFS makes and will continue to make available to Fund/Agent tools for monitoring of disruptive
trading practices and for communication to NFS as to which accounts to provide warnings and/or
blocks from trading. NFS will execute instructions to restrict or prohibit further purchases or
exchanges by any Shareholder identified by the Funds as having engaged in trading that violates the
Funds’ market timing policies. In addition, NFS will reasonably cooperate with the funds to
investigate and address transactions identified by the Funds as being disruptive.

E. Redemption Fees

To the extent the necessary Shareholder information is maintained on the books and records of NFS, it
will collect, on behalf of the Funds, all of the Funds’ applicable redemption fees (as described in
writing by Fund/Agent and subject to any applicable waivers) on all Brokerage Channel accounts held
by NFS and will remit such redemption fees to the Fund/Agent or its designee.

F. SEC Regulation S-P

NFS and FBS have adopted policies and practices related to the protection of non-public personal
information pursuant to SEC Regulation S-P. These policies and practices are designed to comply
with Regulation S-P in all material respects, including, but not limited to, the obligation to provide
appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards reasonably designed to (i) provide for
the security and confidentiality of customer records and information; (ii) protect against any
anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of customer records and information; and (iii)
protect against unauthorized access to or use of customer records or information that could result in
substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer.

ARTICLE TWO - FIIOC Channel

In consideration of the promises and mutual covenants set forth herein and to the extent that
any Fund is available through the FIIOC Channel, FIIOC and Fund/Agent agree as follows:

I. Appointment of FITIOC

Fund/Agent hereby appoints FIIOC as its agent for the sole and limited purpose of accepting orders for
the purchase, exchange, or redemption of shares of the Funds by the FIIOC Plans (“Orders”). FIIOC
hereby accepts its appointment on the terms and conditions set forth herein. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, FIIOC shall not be acting as agent for Fund/Agent in any manner
whatsoever, except in accepting such Orders.

II. Orders and Acceptance

FIIOC, as agent of Fund/Agent may accept from the FIIOC Plans, Orders for the purchase, exchange, or
redemption of Shares of the Funds. If such Orders are received by FIIOC prior to the Close of Trading
on a Business Day, they shall be treated as having been received by Fund/Agent on such Business Day
(“Trade Date”). Any order received by FIIOC after the Close of Trading on any Business Day shall be
treated as if received on the next Business Day.

 

III. Pricing Information

By 7:00 p.m. ET each Business Day, Fund/Agent will transmit to FIIOC the Pricing Information for
each Fund in which the FIIOC Plans have invested. If on any Business Day Fund/Agent does not
provide such Pricing Information to FIIOC, FIIOC shall hold all associated transaction activity in the
FIIOC Plans until the relevant Pricing Information is made available by Fund/Agent subject to the
provisions of the following Section IV. The detailed pricing procedures to be followed by Fund/Agent
and FIIOC are outlined in Exhibit G, provided however, that dividend and capital gain information may
only be communicated to FIIOC by electronic means in accordance with Sections (iii) through (vi) of
Exhibit G.

IV. Pricing Indemnification

A. In the event that Fund/Agent fails to provide Pricing Information on any Business Day, as
detailed in Section III of this Article Two, FIIOC shall be entitled to compensation for the amount of
any resulting loss to FIIOC arising from any third party claim in relation to any FIIOC Plan investment
option, to the extent such failure does not arise from FIIOC’s negligence or bad faith in accordance with
Section II of Article Three. For this purpose, a related FIIOC Plan investment option is defined as any
FIIOC Plan investment option (including, but not limited to, Fidelity mutual funds, non-Fidelity mutual
funds, employer stock, commingled pools, guaranteed investment contracts, and customized separately
managed portfolios) impacted by held transaction activity due to Fund/Agent’s failure to provide timely
Pricing Information to FIIOC.

B. In the event that Fund/Agent provides an incorrect price and said error causes a monetary loss to
any FIIOC Plan participant account maintained by FIIOC, and such error is required by SEC and/or
ERISA guidelines to be corrected at the participant level, then Fund/Agent shall be responsible for
compensating the account(s) so that any FIIOC Plan participant who has incurred such a loss shall be
made whole in accordance with FIIOC’s price error correction policy, using the least costly corrective
action, as mutually agreed to by Fund/Agent and FIIOC.

Cc. In the event that FIIOC Plan participant accounts gain from an incorrect price, FIIOC shall
adjust such accounts in accordance with FIIOC’s price error correction policy and upon notification to
the FIIOC Plan sponsor(s). If FIIOC Plan participants received distributions during the time period
affected by an overstated price, FIIOC shall make a reasonable effort to recover overpayments from
such participants in accordance with its price error correction policy, upon notification to the FIIOC
Plan sponsor(s) and provided that Fund/Agent assumes responsibility for all reasonable and
demonstrable expenses incurred by FIIOC in attempting to recover the overpayments. If exchange
transactions are involved, FIIOC shall sell the excess shares in the affected FIIOC Plan participant
accounts on a current basis and remit the resulting proceeds to Fund/Agent in accordance with FIIOC’s
price error correction policy.

D. Fund/Agent shall not net the impact of individual FIIOC Plan participant gains and losses in
calculating any compensation due FIIOC Plan participants and/or FIIOC as the result of an incorrect
price. Any resultant gains shall be returned to Fund/Agent as collected by FIIOC in accordance with
FIIOC’s price error correction policy.

Vv. Trade Reporting and Settlement
Each Business Day following Trade Date (“TD + 1”), FIIOC may provide to NFS instructions for the

net purchase or net redemption of Shares of the Funds based on Orders accepted by FIIOC prior to
Close of Trading on the prior Business Day, if any. FIIOC shall cause such instructions to be

-8-

 

 

transmitted to Fund/Agent in accordance with the provisions of Article One of the Agreement and
pursuant to each party’s obligations under the rules of membership of the NSCC. Fund/Agent shall
effect such instructions at the net asset value of the Shares of the respective Fund calculated as of the
Close of Trading on the Business Day on which the order was accepted by FIIOC. Settlement between
FIIOC and Fund/Agent shall occur through NFS via the NSCC.

VI. Scope

Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Agreement, no Fund listed on Exhibit C will be
construed as being covered by Article Two unless a FIIOC Plan has invested in the Fund. FIIOC
reserves the right to exclude from FIIOC Plan availability under Article Two any Fund which FIIOC has
determined in its sole discretion it will not make available to the FIIOC Plans.

VII. FMTC Fund Unitization

At the direction of a FIIOC Plan sponsor, a Fund may be unitized by FMTC for purposes of including
the Fund as a component of a custom investment option for participants in a FIIOC Plan. The operating
guidelines that govern such unitization are attached hereto as Exhibit H and, in furtherance of Exhibit H,
the parties agree that FMTC is a third party beneficiary to the Agreement.

VII. Fund Waivers

Fund/Agent hereby agrees to waive any and all loads or fees associated with purchase, exchange and
redemption transactions by FIIOC Plans in the Funds except for the redemption fees, if any, stated in
Sections XIII and XIV of this Article Two. Any trading restrictions, including those related to the size
and frequency of transactions, are also waived, except for the frequent trading restrictions, if any, stated
herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fund/Agent may refuse a purchase, exchange or redemption
transaction if any such transaction would violate any restrictions imposed by a Fund or its Board of
Trustees from time to time when it is deemed to be in the best interests of the Fund.

IX. Compensation

For its services under Article Two, FIIOC shall be entitled to the fees set forth in Exhibit A attached to
this Agreement, as said Exhibit may be amended from time to time.

X. Prospectus Delivery

To the extent shares of a particular Fund are allocable to a FIIOC Plan, FIIOC shall be responsible for
sending, in either paper or electronic form, the respective Fund Prospectuses to FIIOC Plan participants
who request them or as otherwise required by applicable law, and for sending, in either paper or
electronic form, periodic Fund reports to FIIOC Plan participants, and may retain the services of a third-
party vendor to handle such delivery. Fund/Agent shall be responsible for all materials and production
costs of the Prospectus and periodic Fund reports, and hereby agrees to provide the Prospectuses and
periodic Fund reports to FIIOC, or to any such third-party vendor selected by FIIOC in such sufficient
quantity as is reasonably necessary for Fidelity or such third-party vendor to provide to Shareholders.
Fund/Agent shall bear the costs of sending, in either paper or electronic form, periodic Fund reports to
FIIOC Plan participants. FIIOC shall bear the costs of sending, in either paper or electronic form,
Prospectuses to FIIOC Plan participants who request them or as otherwise required by applicable law.

Fund/Agent acknowledges and agrees that FIIOC is not responsible for the compliance of any
Prospectus or supplement thereto, annual report, proxy statement or item of advertising or marketing

-9-

 

 

material of or relating to any Fund (other than advertising or marketing material prepared by or on
behalf of FIIOC), with any applicable laws, rules or regulations.

XL Proxies

Fund/Agent shall be responsible for all costs associated with the production and distribution of proxy
materials. FIIOC shall retain the services of a third-party vendor to handle proxy solicitations and vote
tabulation. Expenses associated with such services shall be billed directly to Fund/Agent by the third-
party vendor.

XII. ‘Information Regarding the FITOC Plans

FIIOC shall transmit to Fund/A gent or a Fund (or to any agent designated by either of them) such
information concerning the FIIOC Plans and participants in the FIIOC Plans as shall reasonably be
necessary for Fund/Agent to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and as the Fund/Agent or the
Fund shall reasonably conclude is necessary to enable the Fund to comply with applicable state Blue
Sky laws.

XIII. Redemption Fees

Fund/Agent directs FIIOC to assess redemption fees on redemptions (including exchange redemptions)
of shares effected by participants in the FIIOC Plans of certain of the Funds as set forth on Exhibit C
(the “Redemption Fee Funds”).

In accordance with this direction, FIIOC shall assess redemption fees on FIIOC Plan participant
transactions in the Redemption Fee Funds. Fund/Agent represents that it has received and reviewed the
Redemption Fees Policies and Procedures document (the “Redemption Fee Policies”) which sets forth
the parameters FIIOC will use to assess redemption fees on participants’ transactions pursuant to this
direction and remit those fees to the Fund/Agent, and that FIIOC, by assessing redemption fees in
accordance with the Redemption Fee Policies will be complying with the provisions of each
Redemption Fee Fund’s Prospectus. Fund/Agent further warrants and represents that it will
immediately notify FIIOC in writing of any change to a Redemption Fee Fund’s Prospectus such that
FIIOC, by assessing redemption fees as directed in accordance with the Redemption Fee Policies will no
longer be complying with the provisions of such Prospectus. FIIOC shall be entitled to compensation
for any loss resulting from Fund/Agent’s failure to notify FIIOC of such change, or otherwise arising
out of FIIOC’s assessment of redemption fees in accordance with Fund/Agent’s direction.

XIV. Frequent Trading Policy

Fund/Agent directs FIIOC to monitor, and where appropriate restrict, the frequency of transactions in
certain of the Funds as set forth on Exhibit C (the “Frequent Trading Policy Funds”) executed by
participants in the FIIOC Plans. Fund/Agent represents that it has received and reviewed the document
entitled “Frequent Trading Policy” and Fund/Agent directs FIIOC to monitor, and where appropriate
restrict, participant transactions in accordance with the Frequent Trading Policy. Fund/Agent further
represents that FIIOC’s actions, in monitoring and restricting the ability of participants to effect
transactions in the Frequent Trading Policy Funds in accordance with the Frequent Trading Policy, are
not inconsistent with the terms and conditions of the Prospectus of the Frequent Trading Policy Funds.
Each party acknowledges that the Frequent Trading Policy may be amended from time to time upon
provision of written notice from FIIOC and further, that the indemnities available in Article Three of
this Agreement apply to the failure to satisfy any obligation hereunder, or the breach of any warranty or
representation made herein.

-10-

 

 

ARTICLE THREE —- Common Provisions
1. Representations and Warranties
A. Fund/Agent represents and warrants that:

(i) it is duly organized or incorporated and validly existing under its jurisdiction of organization
or incorporation, and has the requisite authority to enter into this Agreement on its own behalf and on
behalf of the Fund(s);

(ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Fund/Agent and the performance of this
Agreement by the Fund/Agent have been duly authorized by all necessary action on its part, and this
Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligations of the Fund/Agent;

(iii) it is in material conformity with all federal or state laws, rules or regulations and the rules and
regulations of any regulatory or self-regulatory organization to which the Funds, the Fund/Agent or
their agents are subject;

(iv) it will promptly notify Fidelity in the event that it is for any reason unable to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement; and

(v) the payment to Fidelity of any fees pursuant hereto:

(a) has been duly authorized, by the Board of Trustees of the Fund(s) to the extent such fee
is payable by the Funds, or any other persons to the extent such authorization is required
to properly make such payment;

(b) is properly disclosed in the relevant Fund Prospectus to the extent such disclosure may
be required; and

(c) is in conformity with all federal or state laws, rules or regulations and the rules and
regulations of any regulatory or self-regulatory organization to which the Funds, the
Fund/Agent or their agents are subject.

B. Distributor represents and warrants that:
(i) all sales charges detailed in the Fund(s) Prospectus are not excessive as defined by NASD Rule
2830;

(ii) to the extent the Funds listed on Exhibit C attached hereto are indicated as available to FIIOC
customers, such Funds are qualified under applicable state securities laws in each of the 50 states of the
United States; and

(iii) it has adopted policies and procedures, which are reasonably designed to ensure compliance in
all material respects with Rule 12b-1(h) of the 1940 Act.

Cc. FBS and NFS each represent and warrant that:
(i) it is a Limited Liability Company duly organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and is

duly registered and/or qualified as a broker/dealer with the SEC, NASD and in every state or territory of
the United States of America (including the District of Columbia) where such registration or

-ll-

 

 

 

 

qualification is required and has the requisite authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the
services contemplated herein;

(ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of the services contemplated
herein have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part, and this Agreement
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of FBS and NFS;

(iii) it is, and will continue to be, in material conformity with all federal, state and industry laws,
tules or regulations and the rules and regulations of any regulatory or self-regulatory organization to
which it is subject;

(iv) it has established and implemented anti-money laundering compliance programs, which include,
among other things, independent testing of the programs, pursuant to Section 352 of the USA PATRIOT
Act and related regulations and the establishment and operation of any customer identification programs
required pursuant to Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act and related regulations and that its
implementation of these programs otherwise comply in all material respects with applicable law;

(v) each transaction shall be for the accounts of shareholders and not for Fidelity’s own account;
(vi) no authorization from shareholders is necessary to enter into this agreement;

(vii) to the extent required by law or regulation, it will disclose the fee arrangement under this
agreement to each shareholder prior to Fidelity’s receipt of fees hereunder;

(viii) neither it, nor any affiliate, will be a “fiduciary” of the shareholders as such term is defined in
Section 3(21) of the Employment Retirement Income Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”) and
Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”). The receipt of the fees
described in this Agreement by Fidelity will not constitute a non-exempt “prohibited transaction,” as
such term is defined in Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code;

(ix) its wrap account program will comply with any law, rule or regulation applicable to it including,
but not limited to, rule 3a-4 under the 1940 Act; and

(x) its performance of the duties and obligations and provision of services as described in this
Agreement and the receipt of the fee provided in this Agreement will not violate ERISA, the Code,
federal or state securities laws, or any other applicable law.

D. FIIOC represents and warrants that:

(i) it is a corporation duly organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and
has the requisite authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the services contemplated
herein;

(ii) it is registered pursuant to Section 17A of the 1934 Act;

(iii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of the services contemplated
herein have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part, and this Agreement

constitutes the valid and binding obligations of FIIOC;

(iv) _ it is in material conformity with all federal, state and industry laws, rules or regulations to which
it is subject;

-12-

 

(v) the arrangements provided for in Article Two of this Agreement will be disclosed to the FIIOC
Plans through their representatives;

(vi) it will promptly notify Fund/Agent in the event that it is for any reason unable to perform
any of its obligations under this Agreement; and

(vii) to the best of its knowledge, the receipt of the fees described in this Agreement by Fidelity will
not constitute a non-exempt “prohibited transaction,” as such term is defined in Section 406 of ERISA
and Section 4975 of the Code.

E. (i) Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the “administrative fees” set forth in
Exhibit A that are paid under this Agreement are for shareholder services, administration services
and/or other related services and are not for distribution services or the services of any
underwriter or a principal underwriter of any Fund within the meaning of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended and the 1940 Act; and

(ii) Each party hereto represents and warrants that it shall provide to the others such
information or documentation necessary for such party to fulfill its obligations hereunder, such
other information or documentation as any party may reasonably request, and that it shall comply
with such operating policies and procedures as the parties may jointly adopt from time to time.

Il. Indemnification

Fund/Agent shall indemnify and hold harmless Fidelity and each affiliate, officer, employee and agent
of Fidelity from and against any and all Losses arising out of: (i) any inaccuracy or omission in any
Prospectus or supplement thereto, registration statement, annual report, or proxy statement of any Fund;
(ii) any inaccuracy or omission in any advertising or promotional material generated by any Fund or
Fund/Agent; (iii) any material breach by Fund/Agent of any representation, warranty, covenant, or
agreement contained in this Agreement; or (iv) any Losses resulting from Fund/Agent’s material breach
of this Agreement, willful misconduct, or gross negligence except to the extent such Losses or any
portion thereof result from Fidelity’s willful misconduct or gross negligence.

NFS and FBS shall indemnify and hold harmless Fund/Agent and each affiliate, officer,
employee and agent of Fund/Agent from and against any and all Losses arising out of: (i) NFS’
or FBS’ respective dissemination of information regarding Fund/Agent or Fund that contains any
inaccuracies or omissions unless such information was (a) generated or approved by Fund/Agent
or any Fund, or (b) obtained from independent third-party providers such as Morningstar, Inc. or
the Lipper/Reuters Group; (ii) any material breach by NFS or FBS of any representation,
warranty, covenant, or agreement contained in this Agreement; and (iii ) any Losses resulting
from NFS’ or FBS’ respective material breach of this Agreement, willful misconduct, or gross
negligence, except to the extent such Losses or any portion thereof are the result of Fund/Agent’s
willful misconduct or gross negligence.

FIIOC shall indemnify and hold harmless Fund/Agent and each affiliate, officer, employee and
agent of Fund/Agent from and against any and all Losses arising out of: (i) FIIOC’s
dissemination of information regarding Fund/Agent or Fund that contains any inaccuracies or
omissions unless such information was (a) provided to, reviewed by, or generated by Fund/Agent
or any Fund, or (b) obtained from independent third-party providers such as Morningstar, Inc. or
the Lipper/Reuters Group; (ii) any material breach by FIIOC of any representation, warranty,
covenant, or agreement contained in this Agreement; and (ii) any Losses resulting from FIIOC’s

-13-

 

 

material breach of this Agreement, willful misconduct, or gross negligence, except to the extent
such Losses or any portion thereof are the result of Fund/Agent’s willful misconduct or gross
negligence.

In providing the indemnifications hereunder, each party hereto agrees to maintain such insurance
coverage as shall be reasonably appropriate under the circumstances.

Il. Limitation of Liability

In no event will the measure of damages payable by either party hereunder include, nor will either
party be liable for, any consequential, indirect, incidental, exemplary or punitive damages
(including damages due to business interruption or lost profits, savings, competitive advantage or
goodwill) arising from or related to this Agreement, whether or not foreseeable, and regardless of
the cause of such damages even if the party has been advised of the possibility of such damages
in advance. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that FIIOC Plan participant losses
contemplated by Article Two, Section IV are not intended to be construed as consequential,
indirect, incidental, exemplary or punitive damages.

IV. Confidentiality

Each party acknowledges and understands that with respect to the activities described in this Agreement
Proprietary Information shared by one party with the other is confidential and proprietary, constitutes
trade secrets of the owner of such Proprietary Information, and is of great value and importance to the
success of the owner's business. The recipient of any such Proprietary Information agrees to use its best
efforts (the same being not less than that employed to protect its own proprietary information) to
safeguard any Proprietary Information received from the other party and to prevent the unauthorized,
negligent or inadvertent use or disclosure thereof. The recipient of any such Proprietary Information
shall not, without the prior written approval of any officer of the owner, directly or indirectly, disclose
the Proprietary Information to any person or business entity except for a limited number of employees,
attorneys, accountants and other advisors of the recipient on a need-to-know basis or as may be required
by law or regulation. The recipient of any such Proprietary Information shall promptly notify the owner
in writing of any unauthorized, negligent or inadvertent use or disclosure of Proprietary Information.
The recipient of any such Proprietary Information shall be liable under this Agreement to the owner for
any use or disclosure in violation of this Agreement by it or its employees, attorneys, accountants, or
other advisors or agents. Each Party agrees not to disclose or make public to anyone, in any manner, the
terms of this Agreement, except as required by law or pursuant to Section I. C. (vii) of this Article III,
without the prior written consent of the other parties.

The recipient of such Proprietary Information shall not have any obligations under this section with
respect to any information that is: (i) already known to the recipient or its affiliates at the time of the
receipt; (ii) publicly known at the time of the receipt or becomes publicly known through no wrongful
act or failure of recipient; (iii) subsequently disclosed to recipient or its affiliates by a third party; or (iii)
independently developed by the recipient or its affiliates. This section shall continue in full force and
effect notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement.

Vv. Effective Date, Duration, and Termination
With respect to all series of Funds in Classes A, C, I, R and S Shares of Janus Adviser Series (“JAD”),
and Funds in Janus Investment Fund (“JIF), open to new investors pursuant to relevant then-current

prospectuses, this Agreement shall become effective upon the earlier of: (i) the date such Fund is
identified on Exhibit C, as amended from time-to-time; or (ii) or the availability of any Fund to any of

-14-

 

 

the Channels, provided Exhibit C is accordingly amended by Fund/Agent within a reasonable
timeframe thereafter. Any amendment to Exhibit C by Fidelity shall be delivered to Fund/Agent via
electronic means to Michelle.Rosenberg@Janus.com, with a copy to Byron.Hittle@Janus.com, or to
such other parties as may be acceptable to Janus, as evidenced through express approval or course of
conduct. Such amendment shall be effective on the date stated in such amendment. Unless within a
reasonable timeframe Fund/Agent or any of its affiliates object in writing, the acceptance by
Fund/Agent of any order after the date stated in such amendment shall represent Fund/Agent’s
acceptance of such amendment. The Fund/Agent represents that prior to the effective date, if the Fund
or the Fund’s Board of Trustees requires any approval of this Agreement, such approval has been
obtained. If the Fund or its Board of Trustees requires any periodic approval of this Agreement, such
approval has been or shall be obtained. This Agreement shall continue in force for one year and,
thereafter, shall remain in full force and effect for successive annual periods, unless earlier terminated
in keeping with the provisions of the paragraphs below. Notwithstanding any provision hereof to the
contrary, the provisions of Sections II, III and IV of this Article Three shall survive the termination of
the Agreement.

This Agreement is terminable as to any Fund by any party upon 60 days written notice thereof to the
other parties or upon material breach hereof provided that such material breach shall not terminate this
Agreement to the extent the party in material breach has been notified of such material breach by the
counterparty and the party in material breach cures such material breach within 10 business days of
such notice.

After the date of termination as to any Fund, no fee will be due with respect to any shares of such Fund
that are first placed or purchased in Client accounts after the date of such termination. However,
notwithstanding any such termination, Fund/Agent will remain obligated to pay the fee as to each share
of such Fund that was considered in the calculation of the fee as of the date of such termination for so
long as such shares are held by Fidelity and Fidelity performs the services required under the
Agreement. This Agreement, or any provision hereof, shall survive termination to the extent necessary
for each party to perform its obligations with respect to Shares for which a fee continues to be due
subsequent to such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fund/Agent’s obligation to pay fees
after the termination date will cease if payment of the fees by Fund/Agent is prohibited by law, rule,
regulation, order or instruction by a court of competent jurisdiction or a regulatory body or self-
regulatory organization with jurisdiction over Fund/Agent.

Fidelity acknowledges that payment of the fees described herein may be financed in whole or in part by
a Fund in accordance with that Fund’s plan of distribution adopted pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the
1940 Act (“12b-1 Plan”). If a Fund's 12b-1 Plan is modified, suspended or terminated such that the fees
are no longer payable from Fund assets, Fund/Agent agrees to continue to pay the amount that would
have been payable pursuant to the 12b-1 Plan to Fidelity for a period of up to eighteen (18) months
following the modification, suspension or termination of such 12b-1 Plan. In addition, the parties agree
to negotiate in good faith to expeditiously provide for an alternate source of payment to Fidelity. Each
party agrees to use its best efforts to conclude such negotiations within the eighteen (18) month period
following the modification, suspension or termination of the 12b- Plan, and either party's failure to
negotiate in good faith shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement.

This Agreement will automatically terminate with respect to a Fund in the event of its assignment (as
such term is defined in the 1940 Act) with respect to such Fund. This Agreement may also be
terminated with respect to any Fund at any time without penalty by the vote of a majority of the
members of the Board of Trustees of the Funds who are not “interested persons” (as such term is
defined in the 1940 Act) and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the 12b-1 Plan relating

oe

 

 

to such Fund or any agreement relating to such Plan, including this Agreement, or by a vote of a
majority of the shares of such Fund on 60 days’ written notice.

In addition, any party may terminate this Agreement immediately if at any time it is determined by any
federal or state regulatory authority that compensation to be paid under this Agreement is in violation of
or inconsistent with any federal or state law.

VI. Miscellaneous

A. Fund Updates

Fidelity’s provision of the administrative services set forth in this Agreement shall be conditioned on (i)
Fund/Agent providing Fidelity, on a timely basis, with all the information Fidelity deems necessary for
Fidelity to perform the administrative services and such other information as Fidelity may reasonably
request; (ii) Fund/Agent delivering to Fidelity in writing advance notice of changes affecting the
availability or operation of the Funds (including without limitation the changes set forth on Exhibit I);
and (iii) on the ability of Fidelity to accommodate any such change.

B. Fund Restitutions

Fund/Agent agrees to reimburse Fidelity for reasonable costs associated with supporting any restitution
plan affecting Shareholders or former Shareholders.

Cc. Suspension of Availability

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Fidelity may suspend the availability of any
Fund for purchases, redemptions or exchanges by shareholders for any reason, including but not limited
to, court order or regulatory concerns.

D. Custody

Fund/Agent acknowledges that Fund shares maintained by the Fund for Shareholders hereunder are held
in custody for the exclusive benefit of customers of the Channels and shall be held free of any right,
charge, security interest, lien or claim against Fidelity in favor of the Fund or its agents acting on behalf
of the Fund. Accordingly, Fund/Agent must confirm such acknowledgment in Exhibit F.

E. Intellectual Property

(i) Fund/Agent will not, nor will Fund/Agent cause or permit any Fund to, describe or refer to the
name "Fidelity Investments" or any derivation thereof, or to FMR Corp. or any affiliate thereof, or to the
services or relationship contemplated by this Agreement in any advertisement or promotional materials
or activities without the prior written consent of an authorized officer of Fidelity, provided, however,
that once Fidelity has authorized generic references of the availability of the Funds through Fidelity or
its affiliates, said generic references shall not be subject to prior written consent.

(ii) Fund/Agent grants to Fidelity a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use Fund/Agent’s licensed

trademarks in connection with any marketing or promotional material that Fidelity may generate in
furtherance of the performance of the services provided for under this Agreement.

-16-

 

F. Use of Janus Name

Janus International Holding LLC ("Janus Holding") or its affiliate is the sole owner of the
name and mark “Janus.” Neither Fidelity, nor its affiliates, employees, or agents shall, without
prior written consent of Janus Holding, use the name or mark “Janus” or make representations
regarding the Funds, Fund/Agent, Janus Holding, or their affiliates, or any products or services
sponsored, managed, advised, or administered by the Funds, Fund/Agent, Janus Holding or their
affiliates, except those contained in the then current prospectus and the then current printed sales
literature for the Funds. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Fidelity shall
immediately cease all use of any Janus mark. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fidelity may make
generic references to the availability of Janus funds through Fidelity without prior written
consent.

G. Operations of the Funds

Nothing in this Agreement shall in any way limit the authority of the Funds or Fund/Agent to take
such lawful action as either may deem appropriate or advisable in connection with all matters
relating to the operation of the Funds and the sale of the Funds’ shares. The parties acknowledge
that nothing in this Agreement shall in any way preclude or prevent the Funds’ Board of Trustees
from taking any actions deemed necessary by such Trustees in furtherance of their fiduciary
duties to the Funds and its shareholders, which, among other things, may include the refusal to
sell shares of any Fund to any person, or to suspend or terminate the offering of the shares of any
Fund, if such action is required by law or by regulatory authorities having jurisdiction or is, in the
sole discretion of the Trustees, acting in good faith and in light of the Trustees’ fiduciary duties
under applicable law, necessary in the best interests of the shareholders of any Fund.

H. Approval of Informational Materials

No person is authorized to make any representations concerning the Funds or Fund/Agent except
those representations contained in the then-current prospectus and statement of additional
information for the Funds and in such printed information as Fund/Agent may subsequently
prepare, except that Fidelity may include in any compilation it distributes the name of the Fund,
the performance thereof and any other information regarding the Fund which is obtained by a
recognized provider of such information, such as Lipper Analytical Services and Morningstar,
provided that Fidelity accepts full responsibility for any marketing materials for which it does not
obtain prior review and approval by Fund/Agent. No such materials shall be used if Fund/Agent
reasonably objects to such.

I. Non-exclusivity

Each party acknowledges that each other party, unless otherwise agreed to in writing, may enter into
agreements similar to this Agreement with other parties for the performance of services similar to those
provided under this Agreement.

J. Force Majeure

Neither party shall be liable for a delay in performance or a failure to perform its obligations in whole or
in part due to causes reasonably beyond the control of such party, including without limitation, war or
act of war, terrorism, insurrection, riot or civil commotion, act of public enemy, flood or other act of
God, and any such delay or failure shall not be considered a breach of this Agreement. Notwithstanding

-17-

 

 

the foregoing, if an event of force majeure continues for a period of thirty (30) days, the party whose
performance is not delayed may terminate this Agreement effective immediately.

K. Notices

All notices and communications required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and
delivered personally or sent by first class mail unless otherwise agreed. All such notices and other
communications shall be made:

if to Fidelity, to: Fidelity Investments
100 Salem Street, OR3N1
Smithfield, RI 02917
Attn: FundsNetwork Relationship Management

if to Janus Services, to: Janus Services LLC
151 Detroit Street
Denver, CO 80206

Attn: General Counsel

if to Distributor, to: Janus Distributors LLC
151 Detroit Street
Denver, CO 80206

Attn: General Counsel

L. Amendments

Unless otherwise set forth herein, this Agreement and any Exhibits hereto may be amended only upon
the written agreement of the parties.

M. Entire Agreement

This Agreement, including any Amendments and Exhibits hereto, contains the entire agreement of the
parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreements, written or oral associated
with the selling of Funds in JAD and JIF or their successors, but does not include agreements pertaining
to the Janus Aspen Series or to Funds held through Fidelity Advisor Advantage Program.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of the following documents executed in furtherance of
Rule 22c-2 under the 1940 Act remain in full force and effect and are incorporated by reference as if
fully set forth herein: (a) that certain Shareholder Information Agreement between NFS and Janus
Services dated October 16, 2006, and (b) that certain Amendment to Agreement(s) between FIIOC,
Fidelity Investments Institutional Services Company, Inc., and Janus Services dated February 26, 2007.

-18-

 

 

N. Choice of Laws

This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.

oO. Successors and Assigns

No party will, without the prior written consent of the other parties, assign this Agreement or any
amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement, except that any party may assign this Agreement,
together with all of such party’s rights and obligations hereunder, to an affiliate or pursuant to a
reorganization or change in control without such prior written consent, provided that such assignment
is not in violation of Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act or other applicable rules and laws. No
assignment with or without consent shall constitute a novation or otherwise relieve any party of its
obligations hereunder. The consent of a party to any assignment of this Agreement will not constitute
such party’s consent to further assignment. This Agreement will be binding on the parties and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. Any assignment in contravention of this subsection will
be void.

P. Severability

Every provision in the Agreement is intended to be severable, and if any term or provision hereof is
held to be illegal or invalid for any reason whatsoever, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the
validity of the remainder hereof.

Q Counterparts Permitted

The Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an
original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

R. Dealer Agreement Waiver

By signing this Agreement, Fund/Agent verifies that Fund/Agent does not require an executed Dealer
Agreement from Fidelity and, in lieu of a Dealer Agreement, Fund/Agent has executed this
Agreement.

S. Performance by Fidelity, Its Agents, and Affiliates

Fund Agent acknowledges and authorizes that the services to be provided under this Agreement shall
be provided by NFS, FBS or FIIOC, their agents or affiliates, including but not limited to FMTC, or
the successor to any of them, and that certain of such services may be provided pursuant to one or
more separate contractual agreements or relationships.

-19-

 

 

Dow

Phd

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the
date first above written.

 

Title: Executive Vice President

Date:

 

fominic Martellaro
Title:
Date:

President

National Financial Services LLC (solely
with respect to Articles I and III)

 

By:
Name Name:
Title Laura lannetta KENNETH ALBERTAZ#te¢-
Vice President R VICE PRESIDENT
Date: On _behailf.of: SENIO Date:
MAY 1% 2003

-20-

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (solely with

  

respect to Member NYSE,

SIPC _

By: ¢ é “

Name:

Title: _ ;
pa: Yoetreatert stamens,

MAY 19 20

09

Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Company, Inc. (solely with
respect to Apt

  

 

EXHIBIT A

FEE SCHEDULE - Effective January 1, 2009 for Brokerage Channel, Effective April 1, 2009 for
HIIOC Channel

 

Summary of Fees

Fee
Fee Type Frequency

UNIVERSAL FEES (see Part I)

New Fund Family Start One-time One-time $15,000 per fund family (waived due to existing fund family
Up Fee relationship)

New CUSIP Fee dnvcicns $6,000 per CUSIP not already on platform
oiced) (waived if CUSIP is an NTF Fund within Brokerage Channel)

BROKERAGE CHANNEL FEES (see Part I)
Asset-Based Fee

(Auopand) 1.00% on JAD Class C assets as dealer concession in addition to
P: the fees for services contemplated by this Agreement

One-Time Reallowance of initial sales charge (front-end load) on JAD A
(Autopaid) assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for services
P contemplated by this Agreement **

Annual Monthly 126-1

(Invoiced) JIF (except
Smart
Portfolios) ¢, °
1/01/09 N/A 0.33% 0.33%
through
12/31/2009
JIF (except
Smart
Portfolios)
1/1/2010 N/A 0.34% 0.34%
through
12/31/2010
JIF (except
Smart
Portfolios) N/A 0.35% 0.35%
1/1/2011 and
thereafter

Monthly JADA 0.25%
(Autopaid, [~JADLWA 0.25%
except RFN tof JAD C 1.00%

be Invoiced) 0.10% (plus
0.15% for
tetirement 0.60%/0.75%
fundsnetwork
“REN” assets

0.15% (plus
0.10% for
retirement
JAD S 0.25% fundsnetwork 0.40%/0.50%
assets)

-21-

 

 

 

 

   
 
 
       
 
  

 
     
 
  

| JIF — Smart Portfolios Only and JAD A, LWA, C, 1

Cumulative Positions | Networking Per |Omnibus Per Position
in Fund Famil Position Fee Fee

Position
Reimbursement Fee

     
     
 
 

Monthly 500,000+
(Invoiced)

Ee
750,000-499,000_| su | ___sis__

Funds with Networked | Non-NTF Omnibus | NTF Omnibus
Monthly Minimum Monthly Monthly Positions Funds Funds
Fee* i
‘ee* (per Fund) (Invoiced) $500 $1,000

 

 

FITOC CHANNEL FEES (see Part III)

  
  

   
   

 
 
 
     

 

  

    
   
   
   
 
 
  

JIF (except
Smart

- Total
FIIOC
Monthly JADI NA 010% 710%
(Autopaid,
except Admin. ° 5 ,
Fee on Class | 'ADS 0.25% 0.25% 0.50%
and LWA to be
Invoiced) JADR 0.25% 0.75%
JAD LWA 0.25% 0.10% 0.35%

Portfolios)

1/01/2009
Asset Based Fee through

N 0.33% 0.33%

12/31/2009

JIF (except

Smart
Monthly .
. Portfolios) ° °
(Invoiced) 1/1/2010 N 0.34% 0.34%
through

12/31/2010

JIF (except
N 0.35% 0.35%

Smart
Portfolios)

* Waived if average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million; reduced by amount of Brokerage

Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during same period

 
    
     
 
      

St

Or
/A
/A
/A

1/1/2011 and
thereafter

 

** Fidelity shall be entitled to a re-allowance of the initial sales charge as set forth in the then-current Prospectus
and/or SAI. Fidelity shall be entitled to such re-allowance upon receipt of purchase funds from customers in the
Brokerage Channels. Further, in accordance with each Fund’s Prospectus and/or SAI, Distributor or any affiliate
of the Distributor may, but is not obligated to, make payments to Fidelity from Distributor’s or such affiliate’s own
resources as compensation for certain sales that are made at net asset value.

-22-

 

Part I —- Universal Fees

The fees set forth in this Part I apply to both the Brokerage Channels and FIIOC Channel:

A. Start Up Fees

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a one-time start up fee (“Start Up Fee”) for Fidelity’s initial set up and
preparation to support a new group or family of Funds. The amount of the Start Up Fee is $15,000.00.
and shall be due and payable to NFS the earlier of: (i) 30 days from the execution of this Agreement; or
(ii) the availability of any such Fund through the Channels. The Start Up Fee is waived due to the
existing relationship with Janus.

B. CUSIP Fee

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a fee (“CUSIP Fee”) upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity to add any
Transaction Fee Fund to the Fidelity System in order to make such Fund available to the Channels.
The amount of the CUSIP Fee is $6,000 per CUSIP not already available on the Fidelity System as of
the execution date of this Agreement, however, the fee shall be waived for No Transaction Fee Funds
in the Brokerage Channel, and shall be due and payable to NFS upon the earlier of: (i) the date such
fund is identified on Exhibit C; or (ii) the availability of such Fund to any of the Channels. The

CUSIP Fee shall not apply to any Funds or share classes added solely in connection with the
reorganization of the Funds and or share classes.

Part II - Brokerage Channel Fees
A. Asset-Based Fee

For the services provided to the Brokerage Channels by NFS and FBS hereunder in connection with
those funds indicated on Exhibit C as participating in the No Transaction Fee Fund Program,
Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a fee equal to the percent per annum indicated in the Summary of Fees
above of the daily market value of the total number of shares of such Fund held in accounts at NFS
(determined by multiplying the number of such shares times the publicly-reported net asset value of
each share), excluding the value of (i) shares that were held by customers in a Fidelity brokerage
account prior to the effective date of the applicable original agreement superseded by this Agreement
and (ii) shares first placed or purchased in a Fidelity brokerage account after the termination of the
Agreement (the “Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee”). A subsequent reclassification of any such
shares will not exempt the reclassified shares from the Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee. The
Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee does not apply to the JIF Smart Portfolios.

With respect to Transaction Fee Funds, any 12b-1 payments and/or administrative fee payments shall
be transmitted to NFS and NFS shall pay such 12b-1 Fees to FBS or the appropriate Correspondent
and NFS may retain any administrative fees.

B. Position Reimbursement Fees

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual position reimbursement fee (“Position Fee”) with respect to

each separate Transaction Fee Fund position held in any customer account of FBS or Correspondent
as set forth below.

-23-

 

(i) Networking Per Position Fees for Transaction Fee Funds

For each Fund which participates in the NSCC Fund/SERV networking level 3 in a fully-disclosed
manner, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual networking per position reimbursement fee subject to
the schedule set forth in the Summary of Fees above for each separate Fund position held in any
customer account of Fidelity or Correspondent, which fee shall be calculated and payable in quarterly
installments in arrears per Fund position upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity.

Each separate Fund position that is considered in the calculation of the Brokerage Channels Asset-
Based Fee paid to NFS is not subject to the Networking Per Position Fee.

(ii) Omnibus Fees for Transaction Fee Funds

For each Transaction Fee Fund which does not participate in the NSCC Fund/SERV networking level
3 system in a fully-disclosed manner, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual Transaction Fee Fund
per position reimbursement fee (“TF Per Position Fee”) subject to the tiered structure set forth in the
Summary of Fees above for each separate Fund position held in any customer account of Fidelity or
Correspondent, which fee shall be calculated and payable in quarterly installments in arrears per Fund
position upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity.

Each separate Fund position that is considered in the calculation of the Brokerage Channels Asset-
Based Fee paid to NFS is not subject to the TF Per Position Fee.

C. Monthly Minimum Fees

(i) Each Fund which trades in a fully-disclosed manner with NFS will be subject to a per Fund
monthly minimum maintenance fee (“Monthly Minimum Fee”) of $500.00. The Monthly Minimum
Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by
dividing the total market value of all Brokerage Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the
current month-end by the total number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this Agreement). The
Monthly Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or
Position Fees generated during the same period.

(ii) Each non-NTF Fund which trades in an omnibus manner with NFS will be subject to a per Fund
monthly minimum maintenance fee (“Monthly Minimum Fee”) of $500.00. The Monthly Minimum
Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by
dividing the total market value of all Brokerage Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the
current month-end by the total number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this Agreement). The
Monthly Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or
Position Fees generated during the same period.

(iii) Each No Transaction Fee Fund which trades in an omnibus manner with NFS will be subject to a
per Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“NTF Monthly Minimum Fee”) of $1,000.00. The
NTF Monthly Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds
$3.5 million (as measured by dividing the total market value of all Brokerage Channel shares subject
to this Agreement as of the current month-end by the total number of Brokerage Channel Funds
subject to this Agreement). The NTF Monthly Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of the
Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fee generated during the same period.

Any Monthly Minimum Fee described above shall be invoiced by Fidelity.

-24-

 

 

Part III - FIIOC Channel Fee

For the services provided to the FIIOC Channel by FIIOC hereunder, Fund/Agent shall pay to FIIOC
the amounts set forth above in this Exhibit A (and reflected in Exhibit C) equal to a percentage per
annum of the average aggregate amount invested in the Funds through the FIIOC Plans each calendar
month (the “FIIOC Channel Asset-Based Fee”). The average aggregate amount invested through the
FIIOC Plans over a calendar month shall be computed by totaling the FIIOC Plans’ daily investments
during the month and dividing such total by the actual number of calendar days in the month. Daily
investments shall include amounts invested by the FIIOC Plans either directly or indirectly in the Funds
including, but not limited to, direct investments in the Funds and investments in the Funds by “strategy
funds” and other customized FIIOC Plan investment options contemplated by Exhibit H. However,
AT&T Plan assets shall be excluded for the purpose of calculating the FIIOC Channel Asset-Based Fee.

Part IV - General
The fee terms set forth in this Part IV apply to both the Brokerage Channels and FIIOC Channel:

Fidelity acknowledges that payment of the fees described herein may be financed in whole or in part by
a Fund in accordance with that Fund’s plan of distribution adopted pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the
1940 Act (“12b-1 Plan”). If a Fund's 12b-1 Plan is modified, suspended or terminated such that the fees
are no longer payable from Fund assets, Fund/Agent agrees to continue to pay the amount that would
have been payable pursuant to the 12b-1 Plan to Fidelity for a period of up to eighteen (18) months
following the modification, suspension or termination of such 12b-1 Plan. In addition, the parties agree
to negotiate in good faith to expeditiously provide for an alternate source of payment to Fidelity. Each
party agrees to use its best efforts to conclude such negotiations within the eighteen (18) month period
following the modification, suspension or termination of the 12b- Plan, and either party's failure to
negotiate in good faith shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement, Fund/Agent shall not be required to pay any portion of the Fee as to which it is
determined by Fund/Agent, in good faith, that such continued payment would violate any applicable
law, rule, or regulation or any SEC or other applicable authoritative order against Fund/Agent.

Upon prior written notice to Fund/Agent pursuant to Section VI.L, Fidelity may change, amend, or
waive any fee or the method of payment thereof under this Agreement and Fidelity may issue to
Fund/Agent a new or replacement Exhibit A or other writing documenting such change, amendment, or
waiver. Such change, amendment, or waiver shall be effective on the date stated in such notice. Unless
within a reasonable timeframe Fund/Agent or any of its affiliates object in writing, the acceptance by
Fund/Agent of any order after the date stated in such notice shall represent Fund/Agent’s agreement to
pay such fees to Fidelity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that any amendment or
change that increases the fees to be paid shall have been previously negotiated and agreed to by both
parties prior to submission in writing by Fidelity.

The method of payment by Fund/Agent of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees and the FILOC Channel
Asset-Based Fees (collectively, the “Asset-Based Fees”) shall be as indicated in the above Summary of
Fees.

For the Asset-Based Fees to be invoiced by Fidelity (“Invoiced”), subsequent to each month-end, NFS
shall send to Fund/Agent a statement of the market value of shares of the Fund for which the fee is
calculated for the preceding month, together with a statement of the amount of the Asset-Based Fee. In
the calculation of such Asset-Based Fee, NFS shall use its calculation methodology, provided such
methodology is generally consistent with industry practice and results in an amount due on an annual

-25-

 

 

basis that is materially the same as Fund/Agent would calculate using Fund/Agent’s calculation
methodology. In addition, NFS’ records shall govern unless Fund/Agent can demonstrate that the
number of shares or Fund price(s) used in such calculation is inaccurate. Fidelity shall cooperate with
Fund/Agent in providing information Fund/Agent may request in order to reconcile calculations in such
invoices. All fees are due thirty (30) days upon receipt of invoice. Payment shall be by wire transfer or
other form acceptable to Fidelity and shall be separate from payments related to redemption proceeds
and distributions. If Fund/Agent fails to remit such fees within 30 days, Fund/Agent will be subject to a
monthly 1.0% (12% per annum) late charge on aggregate outstanding balances.

For the Asset-Based Fees to be calculated and paid by Fund/Agent (“‘Autopaid”), subsequent to each
month-end, Fund/Agent shall calculate and pay via the NSCC systems to Fidelity such Asset-Based
Fees, Such payment will be accompanied by a statement showing the calculation of the amounts
payable and such other supporting data as may be reasonably requested by Fidelity. In the calculation
of such Asset-Based Fee, Fund/Agent shall use its calculation methodology, provided such

methodology is generally consistent with industry practice and results in an amount due on an annual
basis that is materially the same as Fidelity would calculate using Fidelity’s calculation methodology.
In addition, Fund/Agent’s records shall govern unless Fidelity can demonstrate that the number of
shares or Fund price(s) used in such calculation is inaccurate. Fund/Agent shall cooperate with Fidelity
in providing information Fund/Agent may request in order to reconcile calculations in such statements.

-26-

EXHIBIT B

RETIREMENT FUNDSNETWORK ADDENDUM

Recitals

A. NFS, FBS and Fund/Agent have entered into the Services Agreement pursuant to which NFS and
FBS provide certain administrative services with respect to beneficial owners of shares
(“Shareholders”) of mutual funds for which Fund/Agent acts as adviser, administrator, principal
underwriter, distributor or transfer agent (“Funds”);

B. _ FBS, through its Fidelity Registered Investment Advisor Group (“FRIAG”), sponsors Retirement
FundsNetwork, a program through which retirement plans that are clients of FRIAG, including,
but not limited to, defined contribution plans, defined benefit plans, and governmental retirement
plans (“Retirement Plans”) may direct the purchase, redemption and exchange of shares of mutual
funds;

C. This Addendum supersedes any Retirement FundsNetwork Addendum previously executed
between NFS, FBS and Fund/Agent, and;

D. _Fund/Agent wishes to make certain of its Funds available through the Retirement FundsNetwork.
Agreement

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth herein, the parties agree
as follows:

I. RETIREMENT FUNDSNETWORK
A. Retirement FundsNetwork Services

(i) FBS shall market and promote Retirement FundsNetwork in such manner and
frequency as it deems reasonable in its sole discretion. Such marketing and promotion may include
reference to the various funds available through Retirement FundsNetwork, including the Funds, and be
directed, without limitation, to third party administrators of retirement plans and other intermediaries
who may provide services to Retirement Plans, such as investment advisers, broker/dealers and other
investment professionals (collectively “Retirement Plan Providers”). Notwithstanding the forgoing,
Fund/Agent understands and acknowledges that (i) nothing in this Addendum or the Services
Agreement will be deemed to require that FBS market or promote the Funds or engage in any activity
that is primarily intended to result in the sale of Fund shares; and (ii) the fees payable hereunder are not
“special cash compensation” for purposes of NASD Rule 2830(1)(4).

(ii) FBS shall make the Funds available through Retirement FundsNetwork only to
Retirement Plans. NFS and FBS shall provide to Retirement Plans that maintain accounts for
Shareholders in Funds acquired through Retirement FundsNetwork the services set forth in the Services
Agreement and such other administrative services as NFS, FBS and Fund/Agent may agree upon in
writing from time to time.

-27-

 

 

(iii) Fund/Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to administrative services,
including tax reporting, for participants in each Retirement Plan.

(iv) NFS and FBS retain the right to determine in their sole discretion: (a) whether any
person or entity is eligible to become or remain a FBS or NFS client, (b) whether any mutual fund is
eligible to participate in Retirement FundsNetwork, and (c) whether any Retirement Plan is eligible to
purchase Funds through Retirement FundsNetwork.

(v) In connection with servicing the Retirement Plans, the Retirement Plan Providers may
perform some or all of the following customary Retirement Plan Provider services. However, neither
NFS nor FBS shall be responsible for the performance of any of these services and makes no
representation as to whether or to what extent the Retirement Plan Providers are performing these
services.

(a) Maintaining separate records for each participant under the Retirement Plans,
which records may reflect the Fund shares purchased, redeemed, and exchanged, and the share balances
of such participants in the Funds.

(b) Maintaining and preserving records as required by law to be maintained and
preserved in connection with providing the recordkeeping services for the Retirement Plans, which may
include maintaining historical information required to calculate and process participant benefits, and
maintaining records of the residence or company address and taxpayer identification number provided
by each participant.

(c) Investigating all inquiries from participants and Retirement Plan representatives
relating to interests of participants in the Fund shares, and responding to all communications from
participants, Plan representatives, and other persons having an interest in a Retirement Plan.

(d) Providing benefit administration (may include updating data, periodic benefit
calculations, participant communications, and payment processing).

(e) Providing actuarial services (may include ERISA minimum/maximum funding
calculations) and reporting results to plan sponsor.

(f) Preparing government forms and benefit statements (which may show current
and projected plan benefits).

(g) Maintaining an investment platform for reporting and monitoring plan assets to
assist plan sponsor in meeting fiduciary responsibilities.

B. Fees

In addition to the fees payable to NFS for the services provided in the Services Agreement,
Fund/Agent shall pay, or cause to be paid, to NFS and FBS a fee with respect to each Fund available
through Retirement FundsNetwork for the services provided pursuant to this Addendum, which fee shall
be based upon the market value of shares of the Funds held by NFS for the accounts of customers of
NFS and FBS attributable to the Retirement FundsNetwork. Payment will be made based exclusively
on the required information being received by the Fund/Agent.

The amount of such fee shall be set forth on Exhibit A, and reflected in Exhibit C, and shall be
calculated and paid in accordance with the terms therein.

-28-

 

 

Cc. Payments to Third Parties

In consideration of potential efficiencies accruing to NFS and FBS resulting from the provision
of services to Retirement Plans by third parties, including but not limited to reduced recordkeeping and
participant servicing obligations and related expenses, NFS and FBS may pay all or a portion of the fees
paid to NFS and FBS pursuant to the Services Agreement and this Addendum to third parties, including,
but not limited to, retirement plan sponsors or trustees or, at the request of such plan sponsors or
trustees, directly to Retirement Plan Providers. Fund/Agent acknowledges and consents to NFS and FBS
making such payment(s) and shall advise Fidelity in writing of any eligibility criteria, conditions, or
limitations imposed by any Fund, Fund Prospectus or other document or policy of the Fund or
Fund/Agent with respect to the payment to a third party of all or a portion of the fees paid to NFS and
FBS hereunder, provided that NFS and FBS shall be solely responsible that any third party is legally and
otherwise qualified to perform the services and receive the fees described herein. The maximum
payment to third parties (if any) is set forth on Exhibit A and reflected in Exhibit C.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Addendum, (1) in no event shall NFS or FBS make
any payment to a third party or provide any services as described herein if, in their sole judgment, such
payment or services may constitute a prohibited transaction or cause NFS or FBS to be deemed to be a
fiduciary to any retirement plan or program as such terms are contemplated by the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974 and rules or regulations hereunder or other applicable law, and (2) no third
party receiving payment under this Addendum shall be deemed to be acting on behalf of NFS or FBS by
virtue of such payment.

D. Funds Available

The Funds made available through Retirement FundsNetwork shall be listed on Exhibit C as
such exhibit may be amended in writing by the parties from time to time. By designating a Fund on
Exhibit C, Fund/Agent represents and warrants that (i) it has the authority to enter into this Addendum
and to designate such Fund as available through Retirement FundsNetwork; (ii) Fund/Agent has
received any approvals required on the part of the Fund or its Board of Trustees or Directors; and (iii)
the arrangements contemplated herein are disclosed in the Fund’s Prospectus to the extent required by
applicable law.

II. DURATION AND TERMINATION OF ADDENDUM

With respect to any Fund made available through Retirement FundsNetwork, this Addendum
shall become effective upon the date such Fund is identified on Exhibit C, and this Addendum is
approved by the Fund or its Board of Trustees if such approval is required, and shall continue in force
for one year, and shall thereafter continue automatically for successive annual periods unless earlier
terminated and subject to any periodic approval required by the Fund or its Board of Trustees. This
Addendum may be terminated separately from the Services Agreement as to any Fund made available
only through Retirement FundsNetwork by any party upon 60 days written notice thereof to the other
parties. This Addendum shall terminate upon the termination of the Services Agreement.

Except as set forth herein, the Services Agreement shall remain in effect in accordance with its
terms.

-29-

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Addendum as of the date first written above.

     

 
 

 

Janus Sérvice Fidelity
: By:
Name “ __D Name:
Pod Title: Executive Vice President Title: Laura lannetta KENNETH ALBERTAZZI
Date: : Date: On behalf yen SENIOF ESIDENT
. MAY 1° 2009
Janus DistebufoM4C
By: / moo
iominic Martellaro "7
. : . etta
% Pry. Title: President Title: Laura lann ALBERTAZZI
Date: PS Date: On behalf of: SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT

May 1 > 2009

-30-

 

CP PNAYMPS YRS

Fund Information

JANUS ADV INTECH RISK MNGD CORE CL C
JANUS ADV INTECH RISK MANAGED GRWTH |
JANUS ADVISER BALANCED FD CLA

JANUS ADVISER BALANCED FD CL I

JANUS ADVISER BALANCED FUND CL S
JANUS ADVISER BALANCED FUND - Class C
JANUS ADVISER BALANCED FUND - Class R
JANUS ADVISER CONTRARIAN CL R

JANUS ADVISER CONTRARIAN FD CL A
JANUS ADVISER CONTRARIAN FD CL C
JANUS ADVISER CONTRARIAN FD CLS
JANUS ADVISER CONTRARIAN FUND CL |
JANUS ADVISER FLEXIBLE BD CLI

JANUS ADVISER FLEXIBLE BOND CL S

JANUS ADVISER FLEXIBLE BOND FD A
JANUS ADVISER FLEXIBLE BOND FD C
JANUS ADVISER FLEXIBLE BOND FUND - Class R
JANUS ADVISER FORTY CL C

JANUS ADVISER FORTY CL S

JANUS ADVISER FORTY CLASS |

JANUS ADVISER FORTY FD CLR

JANUS ADVISER FORTY FUND CLASS A
JANUS ADVISER GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FUND - Class |

-31-

JLCCX
JRMGX
JDBAX
JBALX
JABRX
JABCX
JDBRX
JCNRX
JCNAX
JCNCX
JCNIX
JCONX
JFLEX
JADFX
JDFAX
JFICX
JDFRX
JACCX
JARTX
JCAPX
JDCRX
JDCAX
JERIX

EXHIBIT C

FUNDS

47102R660
47102S866
47102R587
471028874
47102R504
47102R827
47102R579
47102R140
47102R157
47102R165
47102R173
471028700
471028791
47102R868
47102R520
47102R785
47102R512
47102R793
47102R405
471028205
47102R553
47102R561
471028296

1.00%
0.10%
0.35%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.75%
0.75%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.10%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.75%
0.35%
0.10%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.15%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.15%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.00%
0.00%

90 days

na
2%
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
2%

 

<“<<<<<<<<<<<<<«<<<<«<<«<«<<<

24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.

31.
32.

33.
34.
35.
36.
37.
38.
39.
40.
41.
42.
43.
44.
45.
46.
47.
48.
49.
50.
51.
52.
53.
54.
55.
56.
57.

JANUS ADVISER GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FUND - Class S
JANUS ADVISER GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FUND - Class C
JANUS ADVISER GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FUND - Class A
JANUS ADVISER GLOBAL RESEARCH FUND - Class |
JANUS ADVISER GLOBAL RESEARCH FUND - Class S
JANUS ADVISER GLOBAL RESEARCH FUND - Class C
JANUS ADVISER GLOBAL RESEARCH FUND - Class A

JANUS ADVISER RESEARCH CORE FUND (fka JANUS
ADVISER FUNDAMENTAL EQUITY) A
JANUS ADVISER RESEARCH CORE FUND (fka JANUS
ADVISER FUNDAMENTAL EQUITY) R
JANUS ADVISER RESEARCH CORE FUND (fka JANUS
ADVISER FUNDAMENTAL EQUITY) S

JANUS ADVISER GROWTH & INCOME CL!
JANUS ADVISER GROWTH & INCOME CLASS C
JANUS ADVISER GROWTH & INCOME FD CLA
JANUS ADVISER GROWTH & INCOME FD CLR
JANUS ADVISER GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL S
JANUS ADVISER HIGH YIELD FD CLASS A
JANUS ADVISER HIGH YIELD FD CLASS S
JANUS ADVISER HIGH YIELD FUND CLASS C
JANUS ADVISER HIGH-YIELD FUND - Class R
JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK MANAGED CORE |
JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK MANAGED VALUE A
JANUS ADVISER INTERNATL GROWTH S

JANUS ADVISER INTL EQUITY CL |

JANUS ADVISER INTL EQUITY FUND CL C
JANUS ADVISER INTL GROWTH FD CLA

JANUS ADVISER INTL GROWTH FD CLI

JANUS ADVISER INTL GROWTH FD CLASS C
JANUS ADVISER INTL GROWTH FD R

JANUS ADVISER LARGE CAP GROWTH CL S
JANUS ADVISER LARGE CAP GROWTH FD CLA
JANUS ADVISER LARGE CAP GROWTH FD R
JANUS ADVISER LONG / SHORT FUND CLR
JANUS ADVISER LONG/ SHORT FD CLA

JANUS ADVISER LONG/ SHORT FUND CL S

-32-

JERSX
JERCX
JERAX
JRGIX

JRGSX
JRGCX
JRGAX

JDQAX
JDQRX

JADEX
JGINX
JGICX
JDNAX
JONRX
JADGX
JHYAX
JDHYX
JDHCX
JHYRX
JRMCX
JRSAX
JIGRX
JHEX
JCIEX
JDIAX
JIGFX
JIGCX
JDIRX
JGORX
JDGAX
JDGRX
JRLSX
JALSX
JSLSX

471028288
471028312
471028320
471028254
471028247
471028262
47102S262

47102R546
47102R538

47102R603
471028601

47102R751

47102R470
47102R462
47102R702
47102R132
47102R611

47102R595
47102R124
471028858
471028742
47102R884
47102S635
471028643
47102R454
47102S775
47102R744
47102R447
47102R207
47102R496
47102R488
47102S684
471028718
47102S668

0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%

0.35%
0.75%

0.50%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.75%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.10%
1.00%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.75%
0.35%
0.50%

0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%
0.15%

0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0. 15%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.15%
0.00%
0.10%

90 days
na
na

90 days

90 days
na
na

na
na

na
na
na
na
na
na
na
90 days
na
90 days
90 days
na
90 days
90 days
na
na
90 days
na
90 days
na
na
na
90 days
na
90 days

2%
na
na
2%
2%
na
na

na
na

na
na
na
na
na
na
na
2%
na
2%
2%
na
2%
2%
na
na
2%
na
2%
na
na
na
2%
na
2%

<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<«<<<«<<<<<«<< <« ~« <«««<«<<<<

 

58.
59.

61.
62.
63.

65.

66.

67.
68.
69.
70.
71.
72.
73.
74,
75.
76.
77.
78.
79.

80.

81.

82.

83.
84.
85.
86.
87.
88.

JANUS ADVISER LONG/SHORT CL C

JANUS ADVISER LONG/SHORT CL |

JANUS ADVISER PERKINS MID CA VALUE FD R
JANUS ADVISER MID CAP GROWTH FD CLR
JANUS ADVISER MID CAP GROWTH CL S

JANUS ADVISER MID CAP GROWTH FD CLA

JANUS ADVISER MODULAR PORTFOLIO CONSTRUCTION
FUND - Class |

JANUS ADVISER MODULAR PORTFOLIO CONSTRUCTION
FUND - Class S

JANUS ADVISER MODULAR PORTFOLIO CONSTRUCTION
FUND - Class C

JANUS ADVISER MODULAR PORTFOLIO CONSTRUCTION
FUND - Class A

JANUS ADVISER PERKINS MID CAP VALUE CL!

JANUS ADVISER PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLASS A
JANUS ADVISER MONEY MARKET CLASS C

JANUS ADVISER MONEY MARKET FD CLA

JANUS ADVISER ORION FD CL S

JANUS ADVISER ORION FD CLASS A

JANUS ADVISER ORION FUND CLASS C

JANUS ADVISER ORION FUND - Class R

JANUS ADVISER PERKINS SMALL CO VALUE FD CL C
JANUS ADVISER PERKINS SMALL COMPANY VALUE CL A
JANUS ADVISER PERKINS SMALL COMPANY VALUE CL R
JANUS ADVISER PERKINS SMALL COMPANY VALUE FD S
JANUS ADVISER PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FUND —
Class |

JANUS ADVISER PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FUND -
Class S

JANUS ADVISER PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FUND —
Class C

JANUS ADVISER PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FUND —
Class A

JANUS ADVISER SMALL MID GROWTH FD CLA

JANUS ADVISER SMALL MID GROWTH FD CL C

JANUS ADVISER SMALL MID GROWTH FD CLR

JANUS ADVISER WORLDW IDE CLASS |

JANUS ADVISER WORLDWIDE FD CL A

-33-

JCLSX
JLSIX
JDPRX
JDMRX
JGRTX
JDMAX

JIMPX
JSMPX
JCMPX

JAMPX
JMVAX
JDPAX
QALTQ
JDAXX
JORIX

JORAX
JORCX
JORRX
JCSCX
JDSAX
JDSRX
JISCX

JAPIX
JAPSX
JAPCX

JAPAX

JGMAX
JGMCX
JGMRX
JWWFX
JDWAX

471028692
47102S676
47102R371
47102R397
47102R306
47102R413

47102S122
471028114
471028130

471028148
471028841
47102R389
47102R736
47102R272
47102R264
47102R249
47102R256
47102R231
47102R637
47102R322
47102R314
47102R629

471028163
471028155
471028171

471028189
47102R199
47102R215
47102R181
471028825
47102R298

1.00%
0.10%
0.75%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%

0.10%
0.50%
1.00%

0.35%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
1.00%
0.35%
0.75%
0.50%

0.10%
0.50%
1.00%

0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
0.10%
0.35%

0.00%
0.00%
0.15%
0.15%
0.10%
0.00%

0.00%
0.10%
0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.15%
0.00%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%

0.00%
0.10%
0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.15%
0.00%
0.00%

na
90 days
na
na
na
na

na
na
na

na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na

na
na
na

na
na
na
na

90 days
na

na
2%
na
na
na
na

na
na
na

na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na

na
na
na

na
na
na
na
2%
na

KKK KKK KK KOK KKK KKK KKK KKK KK KOK KKK KK

 

89.

91.
92.
93.
94,
95.
96.
97.
98.

117.

118.

119.
120.
121.

JANUS ADVISER WORLDWIDE FUND CL S

JANUS ADVISER WORLDWIDE FUND - Class R
JANUS ADVISER LARGE CAP GROWTH FD CL C
JANUS ADVISER MID CAP GROWTH CL C

JANUS ADVISER MID CAP GROWTH CL I

JANUS ADVISER PERKINS MID CAP VALUE CL C
JANUS ADVISER PERKINS MID CAP VALUE SHR S
JANUS ADVISER WORLDWIDE CL C

JANUS BALANCED

JANUS CONTRARIAN FUND
JANUS RESEACH CORE FUND ( fka JANUS CORE
FUNDAMENTAL EQUITY)

JANUS ENTERPRISE

. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND

. JANUS FUND

. JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES

. JANUS GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES FD

. JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FUND

. JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY

. JANUS GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET
. JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME

. JANUS HIGH YIELD FUND

JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK MANAGED CORE FD CLA

. JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK MANAGED CORE FD R
. JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK MANAGED CORE FUND S
. JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK MANAGED GROWTH CL A

JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK MANAGED GROWTH CL C
JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK MANAGED GROWTH CL R

. JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK MANAGED GROWTH FD S

INTECH RISK MANAGED CORE FUND (fka INTECH Risk-
Managed Stock Fund)

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE (fka Janus Mid Cap Value) INSTL
SHS

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE (fka Janus Mid Cap Value) INVST
SHS

JANUS MONEY MARKET INVS SHS

JANUS ORION FUND

-34-

JWGRX
JDWRX
JGOCX
JGRCX
JMGRX
JMVCX
JMVIX
JWWCX
JABAX
JSVAX

JAEIX
JAENX
JAFIX
JANSX
JAGLX
JGVAX
JARFX
JAGTX
JAGXX
JAGIX
JAHYX
JDOAX
JDORX
JLCIX
JDRAX
JCGCX
JDRRX
JCGIX

JRMSX
JMIVX

JMCVX
JAMXX
JORNX

47102R876
47102R280
47102R769
47102R835
471028403
47102R645
47102R652
47102R710
471023879
471023655

471023747
471023804
471023606
471023101
471023671
471023622
471023531
471023663
471023820
471023200
471023762
47102R363
47102R355
47102R678
47102R348
47102R686
47102R330
47102R694

471023556
471023580

471023598
471023838
471023648

x «x KK KK KK OK OX

x x

0.50%
0.75%
1.00%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.50%
1.00%
0.33%*
0.33%*

0.33%*
0.33%*
0.33%*
0.33%*
0.33%*
0.33%*
0.33%*
0.33%*
0.33%*
0.33%*
0.33%*
0.35%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
0.50%

0.33%*
0.33%*

0.33%*
0.33%*
0.33%*

0.10%
0.15%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%

0.00%
0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

90 days
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na

na
na
na
na
90 days
90 days
90 days
90 days
na
na
90 days
na
90 days
90 days
na
na
90 days
90 days

90 days
na

na
na
na

2%
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na

na

na

na

na
2%
2%
2%
2%
na

na

2%
na

2%
2%
na

na

2%
2%

2%
na

na
na
na

<<< < <« «*KKKK KK KKK KK KKK KKK KKK KK KKK KK

 

 

122.
123.
124.

125.

126.
127.
128.
129.
130.
131.
132.
133.

134.
135.
136.
137.
138.
139.
140.

141.
142.
143.

144,

145.
146.

147.

148.
149.
150.
151.
152.

JANUS OVERSEAS
JANUS RESEARCH FUND

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE (fka Janus Small Cap Value)
INSTL SHS

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE (fka Janus Small Cap Value)
INVST SHS

JANUS SMART PORTFOLIO CONSERVTVE
JANUS SMART PORTFOLIO GROWTH
JANUS SMART PORTFOLIO MODERATE
JANUS TRITON FUND

JANUS TWENTY

JANUS VENTURE

JANUS WORLDWIDE
JANUS ADVISER RESEARCH CORE FUND (fka JANUS
ADVISER FUNDAMENTAL EQUITY FUND) Cl!

JANUS ADVISER RESEARCH CORE FUND - Class C
JANUS ADVISER HIGH YIELD FUND CLASS |

JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK-MANAGED INTL CL |

JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK-MANAGED VALUE CLI
JANUS ADVISER LARGE CAP GROWTH FUND CL |

JANUS ADVISER ORION FUND CLASS !

JANUS ADVISER PERKINS SMALL COMPANY VALUE FUND
CLI

JANUS ADVISER SMALL-MID GROWTH FUND CL |

JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK-MANAGED INTL CL S
JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK-MANAGED INTERNATIONAL
FUND - Class C

JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK-MANAGED INTERNATIONAL
FUND - Class A

JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK-MANAGED VAL CL S
JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK-MANAGED VALUE FUND —
Class C

JANUS ADVISER INTECH RISK-MANAGED VALUE FUND —
Class R

JANUS ADVISER INTL EQUITY FUND CL S

JANUS ADVISER INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FUND - Class A
JANUS ADVISER INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FUND - Class R
JANUS ADVISER INTERNATIONAL FORTY FUND - Class |

-35-

JAOSX
JAMRX
JASBX

JSIVX

JSCVX
JSPCX
JSPGX
JSPMX
JATTX
JAVLX
JAVTX
JAWWX

JCEFX
JADCX
JHYFX
JMIIX
JRSIX
JGROX
JORFX

JSCOX
JSMGX
JMISX

JMICX

JMIAX
JRSSX

JRSCX

JRSRX
JSIEX
JAIEX
JRIEX
JFFIX

471023846
471023853
471023887

471023564

471023572
471023499
471023523
471023515
471023549
471023408
471023507
471023309

47102S809
47102R819
47102S783
471028346
47102S767
471028106
471028304

47102S833
471028502
471028338

471028353

471028361
471028726

471028759

471028759
471028619
471028650
471028627
471028213

x

x «KK OK

0.33%*
0.33%*
0.33%*

0.33%*

0.33%*
na
Wa
na

0.33%*

0.33%*

0.33%"

0.33%*

0.10%
1.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.50%

1.00%

0.35%
0.50%

1.00%

0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.10%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.10%

0.00%

0.00%
0.10%

0.00%

0.15%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.00%

90 days
na
na

na

na
na
na
na
na
na
na
90 days

na
na
90 days
90 days
90 days
na
na

na
na
90 days

na

na
90 days

na

90 days
90 days
na
90 days
90 days

2%
na
na

na

na
na
na
na
na
na
na
2%

na
na
2%
2%
2%
na
na

na
na
2%
na
na
2%
na
2%
2%
na
2%
2%

“<< K KKK KKK KKK KK KK KKK KKK KK KKK KO KKK

 

 

153.
154.
155.
156.

JANUS ADVISER INTERNATIONAL FORTY FUND -ClassS — JFFSX
JANUS ADVISER INTERNATIONAL FORTY FUND -ClassC  JFFCX
JANUS ADVISER INTERNATIONAL FORTY FUND -ClassA  JFFAX

JANUS ADVISER SMALL-MID GROWTH FUND CL S JGMIX

471028197
471028221
471028239
47102R223

0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.50%

0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%

90 days
na
na
na

2%
na
na
na

*The total asset based fee for the JIF Shares (except Smart Portfolios) will initially be set at 0.33% through 12/31/09. For the period of 1/1/2010 through
12/31/10 the asset based fee for the JIF Shares (except Smart Portfolios) will change to 0.34%. From 1/1/2011 and thereafter the asset based fee on the JIF

Shares (except Smart Portfolios) will change to 0.35%.

For purposes of Fund availability to the Brokerage Channels, the parties acknowledge and agree that the term “investment adviser” or “adviser” is intended to
include registered investment advisers, third party administrators, banks, trust departments, and family office clients. For purposes of the No Transaction Fee

Fund Program only, in addition to the foregoing, the term “investment adviser” or

“adviser” is also intended to include Correspondents when submitting Orders

for managed accounts. Fund/Agent acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make institutional share class of funds available to family office clients unless
Fund/A gent notifies FBS to the contrary. Fund/Agent further acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make fund shares available on a load-waived basis to
accounts maintained for employee benefit plans and fee-based accounts maintained through investment advisers unless the Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the

contrary.

-36-

<<<<

 

 

 

EXHIBIT D
AGENCY TRADING AGREEMENT
Recitals

A.  Fund/Agent desires that NFS serve as limited agent to accept orders for the purchase, exchange
and redemption of Shares by (i) certain employee benefit plans (the “Intermediary Plans”), (ii)
those open-end investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended, for which Strategic Advisers, Inc., a Fidelity affiliate, acts as investment adviser (the
“SAI Funds”), and (iii) those Charitable Gift Fund donor advised unregistered pools for which
Strategic Advisers, Inc. acts as non-discretionary investment manager (the “CGF Pools”).

B. _ Fund/Agent must execute this Agency Trading Agreement, by signature, for it to become
effective.

C.  Inconsideration of the premises and mutual covenants hereinafter contained, the parties agree as
follows.

Agreement
1. Appointment of NFS As Limited Agent

Fund/Agent hereby appoints NFS as its agent for the sole and limited purpose of accepting purchase,
exchange, or redemption orders for Shares purchased, exchanged, or redeemed by the Intermediary
Plans, the SAI Funds, and the CGF Pools (“Orders”). NFS hereby accepts its appointment on the terms
and conditions set forth herein. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, NFS shall
not be acting as agent for Fund/Agent in any manner whatsoever, except in accepting such Orders.

2. Appointment of Agent

NFS may appoint a third party as its Agent (“NFS’ Agent”) for the purpose of receiving Orders on
behalf of NFS. Such Orders received by NFS’ Agent shall be deemed received by NFS, and
accordingly by Fund/Agent, simultaneously. NFS' Agent may also appoint intermediaries as subagents
for the limited purpose of receiving Orders on behalf of NFS.

3. Orders and Acceptance

NFS, as limited agent of Fund/Agent, shall accept on behalf of the Intermediary Plans, the SAI Funds,
and the CGF Pools, Orders for the purchase, exchange or redemption of Shares of the Funds. If such
Orders are received by NFS or NFS’ Agent prior to the close of trading on the New York Stock
Exchange (the “Close of Trading”) on a day the New York Stock Exchange is open for business (a
“Business Day”) or such other time as designated in writing to NFS by Fund/Agent, they shall be treated
as having been received by Fund/Agent on such Business Day (“Trade Date”).

4. Trade Reporting

Based on Orders accepted by NFS or NFS’ Agent prior to Close of Trading on the prior Business Day,
NFS will provide to Fund/Agent either summarized trading instructions for the net purchase or net

-37-

 

 

 

redemption of Shares of the Funds or detailed trading instructions by 9:00 A.M. Eastern Time, or other
mutually agreed upon time, each Business Day following Trade Date (“TD + 1”). NFS will provide
summarized and/or detailed trading instructions in accordance with practices of, and agreement with,
the National Securities Clearing Corporation’s (“NSCC”) procedures concerning orders of shares to
funds or their agents, through the NSCC Defined Contribution Clearance and Settlement System (the
“DCC&S” System). NFS will provide both summarized and detailed trading instructions to Fund/Agent
on TD+1 via Fund/SERV. Such instructions shall be effected at the public offering price, or such other
price as may apply to the transaction, of the Shares of the respective Fund calculated as of the Close of
Trading on the Business Day on which the Order was accepted by NFS or NFS’ Agent.

5. Settlement
Settlement for trades placed through Fund/SERV (either DCC&S or non-DCC&sS platforms), will

follow the guidelines and operational procedures set forth by the NSCC and the Securities Industry
Automation Corporation (“SIAC”).

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amendment as of the date first
set forth below.

Janus Serviees LLC

 

By,
9
ame: Dominic Martellaro
Title: Executive Vice President Title: neta TH ALBERTAZZI
Date: 4 d Date: On behalf of: SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT

May 1° 2009

-38-

 

EXHIBIT E
BILATERAL NSCC AGREEMENT
Each party or its agent has executed a standard Member Agreement required for participation in the
National Securities Clearing Corporation (NSCC). Each party or its agent agrees to participate in
FundSERV, Networking, and/or Defined Contribution Clearance and Settlement processing with

the other under the terms of the Member Agreement.

Fund/Agent must indicate all of the applicable NSCC system(s) that it participates in:

_X_—— Fund/SERV
X. Networking (Level 3)

_X__— Defined Contribution Clearance and Settlement (DCC&S)

-39-

 

bip-

 

EXHIBIT F

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF CUSTODIAN

Custody of Uncertificated Mutual Fund Shares; SEC Rule 15c3-3

National Financial Services LLC ("NFS"), a registered broker-dealer, has been asked to
establish mutual fund “street name” accounts in one or more of your funds which accounts will contain
the assets of customers of NFS or customers of Correspondents of NFS. Each such account will be
registered as "Special Custody Account for the Exclusive Benefit of Customers of National Financial
Services LLC," or in a form sufficiently similar to identify the account(s) as containing the assets of
customers of NFS or customers of Correspondents of NFS.

Under a clarification to SEC Rule 15c3-3, in order for uncertificated mutual fund shares to be
considered held in a good control location, broker-dealers are required to obtain a specific
acknowledgment from the mutual fund holding these types of accounts.

Accordingly, NFS requests that you confirm that the assets of NFS' customers held in the “street
name” accounts registered as noted above will be held free from any right, charge, security interest, lien
or claim against NFS in favor of such Fund or its agents. NFS acknowledges that such “street name”
accounts do not and will not participate in a letter or statement of intention that the Funds may offer.

Please confirm this understanding by signing as indicated below.

CONFIRMED:

Fund/Agentz nus Services LLC

 

By:
Name: Dominic Martellaro
Title: Executive Vice President

 

- 40 -

 

EXHIBIT G

FITOC PRICING INFORMATION

The Pricing Information as described in Article Two, Section III shall be provided by Fund/Agent to
FIIOC in accordance with the following:

(i) Fund/Agent shall transmit the Pricing Information to FIIOC via an EDT. FIIOC shall
specify the file format and protocols for the EDT, and FIIOC reserves the unilateral right to
change such format or protocols upon notice to Fund/Agent.

(ii) In the event EDT is unavailable prior to 7: 00 p.m. ET on any Business Day,
Fund/Agent shall notify FIIOC via telephone, at 859-386-7131, and shall then send the Pricing
Information via fax, in FIIOC’s format, to 859-491-9167 (primary fax machine) or 859-291-
6396 (back-up fax machine), or other numbers as FIIOC may designate in writing from time to
time, in each case by no later than 7:00 p.m. ET on that Business Day.

(iii) In the event that Fund/Agent has faxed Pricing Information pursuant to subsection (ii)
above, Fund/Agent shall call FIIOC by 7:15 p.m. ET on the applicable Business Day to confirm
receipt of the faxed Pricing Information.

(iv) In the event that a fax machine is unavailable to either Fund/Agent or FIIOC prior to
7:00 p.m. ET on any Business Day, Fund/Agent shall provide FIIOC with the Pricing
Information via a telephone call at 859-386-7131, or such other number as FIIOC may
designate in writing from time to time, by 7:00 p.m. ET, and shall confirm such information via
fax as soon as practicable. FIIOC shall document the Pricing Information received by
telephone, referencing the Fund/Agent’s employee name, date and time.

(v) In the event that Fund/Agent does not provide Pricing Information to FIIOC in
accordance with Steps (i) through (iv) above, transactions involving the Fund (which may
include other FIIOC Plan investment options for purposes of participant distributions and
exchanges, as described in section IV of Article Two) shall be held until it is administratively
feasible to update these transactions in a next nightly cycle following receipt of Pricing
Information from Fund/Agent. Held transactions shall then be processed “as-of” the original
Trade Date.

(vi) Any revised Pricing Information submitted via fax shall be in FIIOC's format, shall be
clearly marked as revised Pricing Information and must be received by FIIOC prior to 7:00 p.m.
ET on the applicable Business Day. Fund/Agent shall contact FIIOC by telephone at 859-386-
7131 by 7:00 p.m. ET on such Business Day to confirm receipt of the revised Pricing
Information.

-41-

EXHIBIT H

OPERATIONAL GUIDELINES FOR FUND UNITIZATION

The following provisions will apply when a Fund is “unitized” by FMTC. At the direction of a FIIOC
Plan sponsor, a Fund may be unitized by FMTC for purposes of including the Fund as a component of a
custom investment option for participants in a FIIOC Plan. Unitization consists of formulating a daily
net asset value (“NAV”) for a custom investment option based on the respective NAVs of the
underlying components. All dividends and capital gains are reinvested in the custom investment option.

In order for FMTC to unitize the custom investment option and provide the associated administrative
and recordkeeping services, Fund/Agent and FMTC agree to comply with the following operational
guidelines to the extent any Fund is included as a component of a custom investment option. All terms
not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as that set forth in the Services Agreement:

I. Pricing Information By 7:00 p.m. ET each Business Day, Fund/Agent shall transmit the
Pricing Information to FMTC, via facsimile or email, to the number(s) or email addresses listed on the
Unitization Setup Form, or such other number or email address as FMTC may provide from time to
time. In the event that a fax machine or email is unavailable to either Fund/Agent or FMTC prior to
7:00 p.m. ET on any Business Day, Fund/Agent shall provide FMTC with the Pricing Information via a
telephone call by 7:00 p.m. ET at the number(s) listed on the Unitization Setup Form, or such other
number as FIIOC may designate in writing from time to time.

Fund/Agent shall transmit the Pricing Information even if said Pricing Information is unchanged from
the previous Business Day.

If on any Business Day Fund/Agent is unable to provide such Pricing Information by facsimile or email
by 7:00 p.m. ET, Fund/Agent shall contact one of the persons listed on the Unitization Setup Form.

In the event that Fund/Agent fails to provide Pricing Information to FMTC by 7:00 p.m. ET ona
Business Day, FMTC shall use the Pricing Information from the prior Business Day in its calculations.

Il. Indemnification for Pricing Errors
If Fund/Agent:

a) fails to provide Pricing Information in accordance with Section I and subsequently provides Pricing
Information causing a material investment loss to a FIIOC Plan participant’s account; or

b) provides incorrect Pricing Information and subsequently restates the Pricing Information causing a
material investment loss to a FIIOC Plan participant’s account;

then, subject to applicable law and regulatory guidelines, Fund/Agent shall assume financial
responsibility for any participant losses in accordance with the following provisions:

e In the event that a FIIOC Plan participant suffers a loss from investment in the custom

investment option which cannot be corrected by FMTC through an adjustment to the FIIOC Plan
participant’s account and such loss is caused by a material pricing error, then subject to applicable law

-42-

 

 

and regulatory guidelines and materiality standards based on SEC and ERISA standards, Fund/Agent
shall be responsible for compensating the account so that the FIIOC Plan participant who has incurred
such a loss shall be made whole.

e In the event that a FIIOC Plan participant gains from investment in the custom investment
option, thereby disadvantaging the custom investment option, and the FIIOC Plan participant continues
to invest in the custom investment option, FMTC shall adjust the participant’s account upon notification
to the FIIOC Plan sponsor and remit such adjustment proceeds to the custom investment option in order
to make the custom investment option whole.

e In the event that a FIIOC Plan participant gains from investment in the custom investment
option due to a material pricing error in the Fund, thereby disadvantaging the custom investment option,
and the participant receives a distribution which includes such gain, FMTC, upon notification to the
FIIOC Plan sponsor, shall make a reasonable effort to recover from the FIIOC Plan participant the
amount overpaid to such participant and return such overpayment to the custom investment option,
provided that Fund/Agent assumes responsibility for all reasonable and demonstrable expenses incurred
by FMTC in attempting to recover the overpayment. Fund/Agent shall be responsible for making the
custom investment option whole for any overpayment amount which cannot be recovered by FMTC.

e Inthe event that a FIIOC Plan participant gained from its investment in the custom
investment option due to a material pricing error in the Fund, thereby disadvantaging the custom
investment option, and the amount of the overpayment has been invested in another investment option
under the FIIOC Plan, FMTC, upon notification to the FIIOC Plan sponsor, shall sell the excess units or
shares in such investment option in the affected FIIOC Plan participant’s account to the extent then
available (with such excess determined as of the date of the incorrect unit value) on a current basis and
remit the resulting proceeds to the custom investment option to make the custom investment option
whole. Fund/Agent shall be responsible for making the custom investment option whole for any
dilution in the value of the excess units or shares recovered from the FIIOC Plan participant’s account
between the date of investment in another investment option and date of recovery of such excess units
or shares.

e Fund/Agent shall not net the impact of individual FIIOC Plan participant investment gains
and losses in calculating any compensation due FIIOC Plan participants.

e Price errors for the Fund(s) shall be determined by FMTC in accordance with its current
price error correction policy and applicable law.

TY. Appointment of FMTC as Limited Agent, Acceptance of Orders and Trade Reporting

e Fund/Agent appoints FMTC as its agent for the sole and limited purpose of accepting orders
for the purchase, exchange, and redemption of shares of the Investment Component in the Fund derived
from FIIOC Plan participant instructions (“Orders”). For the avoidance of doubt, all orders shall be
processed in accordance with the terms of each Fund’s currently effective registration statement.
Notwithstanding anything in these Guidelines to the contrary, FMTC shall not act as agent for
Fund/Agent in any manner whatsoever, except in accepting such Orders.

e FMTC, as agent of Fund/Agent, shall accept Orders prior to the Close of Trading on each

Business Day on which there is trade activity in the Fund (“Trade Instructions”) and such Orders shall
be treated as having been received by Fund/Agent on such Business Day. (“Trade Date”).

-43-

  

 

e FMTC and Fund/Agent agree that trading of Orders shall occur via the National Securities
Clearing Corporation’s (““NSCC”) Defined Contribution Clearance and Settlement Service. National
Financial Services (“NFS”) and Fund/Agent have executed and filed the standard agreements required
for participating in and trading through the NSCC and Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, NFS, and
Fund/Agent have entered into a Services Agreement and/or an Agency Trading Agreement pursuant to
which NFS transmits to Fund/Agent orders for the purchase, redemption, or exchange of shares of the
Fund, as identified in such Services Agreement or Agency Trading Agreement, on behalf of customers
of NFS through the NSCC.

° Each Business Day following Trade Date (TD + 1), FMTC shall provide to NFS
instructions for the net purchase or net redemption of shares of the Fund in the custom investment
option based on Orders accepted prior to the Close of Trading on the prior Business Day. NFS shall in
turn transmit such instructions to Fund/Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Services
Agreement or Agency Trading Agreement and pursuant to each party’s obligations under the rules of
membership of the NSCC. Fund/Agent shall effect such instructions at the public offering price of the
shares of the Fund calculated as of the Close of Trading on the Business Day on which the Order was
accepted by FMTC.

IV. Settlement Settlement between NFS and Fund/Agent shall occur through the NSCC.

V. Confirmation and Reconciliation Confirmation of trading and balances will be provided to
FMTC by NFS/NSCC.

VI. Fund Waivers

¢ Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Agreement, Fund/Agent hereby agrees to
waive any and all loads or fees associated with purchase, exchange, and redemption transactions in the
Funds. FMTC will provide reasonable assistance upon request by the Funds or the Fund/Agent in
identifying and curtailing any excessive trading in the Funds by particular FIIOC plan participants that
the Funds or the Fund/Agent reasonably believes adversely affects the Funds. FMTC will also assist the
Funds and Fund/Agent in implementing policies and procedures to deter excessive trading in the Fund.

VII. Proxies Fund/Agent shall forward proxy materials to the address set forth on the Unitization
Setup Form.

Fidelity Investments Institutional
JANUS'SERVICES LLC ions Company, Inc.
alfpf its affiliate(s))

  

olf fh Wy fi gl
AgchAAZ ff RF
Cavin / Redd

  

-44-

EXHIBIT I

FUND NOTICES

I. Notice of Fund Changes

In order for Fidelity to provide timely information regarding the Funds to its customers,
Fund/Agent shall provide notice of the following changes relative to any Fund:

Benchmark Change

Expense Cap Change

Fund Closing (Hard Close, Semi-Hard, Soft Close)
Fund Liquidation

Fund Merger

Fund Name Change

New Share Class

Objective Change

Portfolio Manager Change / Multi-Portfolio Manager Change
Redemption Fee (Add / Change)

Short-Term Trading Fee (Add / Change)

Splits / Reverse Splits

Strategy Change

Sub-Advisor Change (Single, Multi)

Rule 12b-1 Plan Change

Il. Information to be Provided

If possible, and where applicable, the following information will be provided in relation to any
of the foregoing changes:

Type of Fund Change
Shareholder Meeting Date (proxy)
Proxy Results

Effective Date

New Legal Fund Name

Fund CUSIP

Fund Ticker

Fund Share Class

Prospectus Sticker

Fund Company Press Release
Formal Notification on the Fund Company’s Letterhead
Fund Company’s Q&A document

-45-

 

 

II. Definitions

For purposes of the foregoing, the following definitions generally apply, however Fund/Agent owns the
final definition of all closures:

Hard Close: All cash flows into the Fund effectively cease at the close date. As of the close date,
continued investment in the fund in question is prohibited by all investors, except for dividend
reinvestment, whether or not a Shareholder or FIIOC Plan participant has an existing balance.

Semi-hard Close: This Fund closing is viewed at the Shareholder or FIIOC Plan participant level. As
of the effective date of the close, continued investment in the Fund in question is limited to Shareholders
or FIIOC Plan participants who have an existing balance. An existing balance is defined as a non-zero
balance (i.e. if a Shareholder or FIIOC Plan participant liquidates the entire investment in a Fund, that
Shareholder or FIIOC Plan participant no longer has a balance, therefore is not permitted to
subsequently invest in the Fund).

Soft Close: A soft close is viewed at the Brokerage Channel customer or FIIOC Plan sponsor level.
As of the close date, continued investment in the Fund in question is limited to Shareholders or FIIOC
Plan participants who already have active access to the Fund. Shareholders or FIIOC Plan
participants who had balances in the Fund may continue to invest, and new Shareholders and FIIOC
Plan participants who had access to the Fund can begin to invest in the Fund.

- 46 -

  

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, dated as of February 1, 2010 and effective as otherwise set forth
herein, is by and among National Financial Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services
LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), Janus
Distributors LLC (“Distributor”) and Janus Services LLC (“Janus Services”).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, NFS, FBS, FIIOC, Distributor and Janus Services entered into a Services
Agreement dated April 1, 2009 (the “Agreement”), with regard to certain services provided to
beneficial owners of shares of mutual funds or other investment products set forth in the
Agreement;

WHEREAS, Janus Adviser Series’ funds and share classes merged into the Janus
Investment Fund on July 6, 2009 (the “Reorganization’”) and shall now be known as funds and
shares of the Janus Investment Fund (“JIF”);

WHEREAS, effective on or about February 16, 2010, Class J Shares of JIF will be
redesignated as Class T Shares; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the
relevant sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Restating in its entirety Exhibit A as attached hereto.

(2) Restating in its entirety Exhibit C as attached hereto.

[signature page follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this amendment as of the date first
written above.

Janus Services LLC Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (solely
with respect to Articles I and III)

By: Fon Bs se

Name: Robin C. Beery
Title: Executive Vice President

 

Date:

HAR O53 2010
Janus Distributors LLC

By:
Name: Robin C. Bee
Title: Executive Vice President
Date:
National Financial Services LLC (solely Fidelity Investments Institutional
with respect to Articles I and III) Operations Company, Inc. (solely with
Member NYSE, SIPC respect to Articles II and III)
By: By: bis 0 (2.2,
Name: Name:

. . ‘aul Ril
Title: a Title: ‘ i
Date: Vice President Date: zizzrfro

MAR OS 2040

EXHIBIT A

FEE SCHEDULE - Effective January 1, 2009 for Brokerage Channel.
Effective April 1, 2009 for FITOC Channel

 

Summary of Fees

Fee Payment
Frequency | Frequency
and
Method

Fee Type

UNIVERSAL FEES (see Part I)

New Fund Family One-time One-time $15,000 per fund family (waived due to existing fund family
Start Up Fee relationship)

One-time $6,000 per CUSIP not already on platform
New CUSIP Fee | onesine | (invoiced) | (waived if CUSIP is an NTF Fund within Brokerage Channel)

BROKERAGE CHANNEL FEES (see Part I)

Asset-Based Fee One-time 1.00% on Class C assets as dealer concession in addition to
(Autopaid) the fees for services contemplated by this Agreement

One-Time Reallowance of initial sales charge (front-end load) on Class
One-Time (Autopaid) A assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for

One-time

services contemplated by this Agreement **

Monthly 12b-1

(invoiced) | Class J and T
(except
Smart
Portfolios) N/A 0.33% 0.33%
1/01/09
through
12/31/2009

Class J***
and T
(except
Smart 5
Portfolios) N/A 0.34% 0.34%
1/1/2010
through
12/31/2010
Class J***
and T
(except
Smart N/A 0.35% 0.35%
Portfolios)
1/1/2011 and
thereafter

id,
0.10% (plus
0.15% for
retirement | 0.60% / 0.75%
fundsnetwork
“REN” assets)

  

   
  

    

   

0.25% 0.40% / 0.50%

  

Class S

 

0.15% (plus
0.10% for
retirement

fundsnetwork

assets)

 
 
    
   
   
 
   

  

Class J***/T Smart Portfolios Only and Classes A, LWA, C, I

Cumulative Networking Per Omnibus Per
Positions in Fund we
Famil Position Fee Position Fee

 
 
 
 

Position
Reimbursement Fee

 
   

     

   
  

Monthly — =
(invoiced) soo,o00+ | sto sia
250,000-499,000_ | sun [Sis
Under 250000 [$2 | __sie_
Funds with Non-NIF NIF Omnibus
Monthly Minimum Monthly Networked Positions _| Omnibus Funds _ Funds

     

Fee* (per Fund)

       
 
 

    

    
 

   

 
 

 
 
 

   
 

FOC

0.10% 0.10%
.5
/A

 

Monthly
(Autopaid,

i | om | 0.25% 0.25% 0.50%

0.25% 0.75%
Class LWA | 0.25% 0.10% 0.35%
N/A

0.33% 0.33%

_ -
0.35% 0.35%

* Waived if average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million; reduced by amount of
Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during same period

** Fidelity shall be entitled to a re-allowance of the initial sales charge as set forth in the then-current
Prospectus and/or SAI. Fidelity shall be entitled to such re-allowance upon receipt of purchase funds from
customers in the Brokerage Channels. Further, in accordance with each Fund’s Prospectus and/or SAI,
Distributor or any affiliate of the Distributor may, but is not obligated to, make payments to Fidelity from
Distributor’s or such affiliate’s own resources as compensation for certain sales that are made at net asset
value.

*** Effective on or about February 16, 2010, Class J Shares shall be redesignated as Class T Shares.

   
  
  
 
 

Portfolios)
1/01/2009
through
12/31/2009
Class J***
land T (except
Smart
Portfolios)
1/1/2010
through
12/31/2010
Class J***
land T (except
Smart
Portfolios)
1/1/2011 and
thereafter

    
   
    

N

  
    
 
  

Annual

    

Asset Based Fee

   
    
  
  

    
  

    

Monthly
(Invoiced)

  
      
       
 
   
   
   
 

   

Part I — Universal Fees

The fees set forth in this Part I apply to both the Brokerage Channels and FIIOC Channel:

A. Start Up Fees

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a one-time start up fee (“Start Up Fee”) for Fidelity’s initial set up
and preparation to support a new group or family of Funds. The amount of the Start Up Fee is
$15,000.00. and shall be due and payable to NFS the earlier of: (i) 30 days from the execution of
this Agreement; or (ii) the availability of any such Fund through the Channels. The Start Up Fee
is waived due to the existing relationship with Janus.

B. CUSIP Fee

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a fee (“CUSIP Fee”) upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity to add
any Transaction Fee Fund to the Fidelity System in order to make such Fund available to the
Channels. The amount of the CUSIP Fee is $6,000 per CUSIP not already available on the
Fidelity System as of the execution date of this Agreement, however, the fee shall be waived
for No Transaction Fee Funds in the Brokerage Channel, and shall be due and payable to NFS
upon the earlier of: (i) the date such fund is identified on Exhibit C; or (ii) the availability of
such Fund to any of the Channels. The CUSIP Fee shall not apply to any Funds or share classes
added solely in connection with the reorganization of the Funds and or share classes.

Part II - Brokerage Channel Fees
A. Asset-Based Fee

For the services provided to the Brokerage Channels by NFS and FBS hereunder in connection
with those funds indicated on Exhibit C, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a fee equal to the percent
per annum indicated in the Summary of Fees above of the daily market value of the total
number of shares of such Fund held in accounts at NFS (determined by multiplying the number
of such shares times the publicly-reported net asset value of each share), excluding the value of
(i) shares that were held by customers in a Fidelity brokerage account prior to the effective date
of the applicable original agreement superseded by this Agreement and (ii) shares first placed
or purchased in a Fidelity brokerage account after the termination of the Agreement (the
“Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee”). A subsequent reclassification of any such shares will
not exempt the reclassified shares from the Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee. The
Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee does not apply to the JIF Smart Portfolios.

With respect to Transaction Fee Funds, any 12b-1 payments and/or administrative fee payments
shall be transmitted to NFS and NFS shall pay such 12b-1 Fees to FBS or the appropriate
Correspondent and NFS may retain any administrative fees.

B. Position Reimbursement Fees

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual position reimbursement fee (“Position Fee”) with
respect to each separate Transaction Fee Fund position held in any customer account of FBS or
Correspondent as set forth below.

Cc.

(i) Networking Per Position Fees for Transaction Fee Funds

(ii)

For each Fund which participates in the NSCC Fund/SERV networking level 3 ina
fully-disclosed manner, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual networking per
position reimbursement fee subject to the schedule set forth in the Summary of Fees
above for each separate Fund position held in any customer account of Fidelity or
Correspondent, which fee shall be calculated and payable in quarterly installments in
arrears per Fund position upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity.

Omnibus Fees for Transaction Fee Funds

For each Transaction Fee Fund which does not participate in the NSCC Fund/SERV
networking level 3 system in a fully-disclosed manner, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an
annual Transaction Fee Fund per position reimbursement fee (“TF Per Position Fee”)
subject to the tiered structure set forth in the Summary of Fees above for each separate
Fund position held in any customer account of Fidelity or Correspondent, which fee
shall be calculated and payable in quarterly installments in arrears per Fund position
upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity.

Monthly Minimum Fees

(i) Each Fund which trades in a fully-disclosed manner with NFS will be subject to a per

Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“Monthly Minimum Fee”) of $500.00. The
Monthly Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund
exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by dividing the total market value of all Brokerage
Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the current month-end by the total
number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this Agreement). The Monthly
Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees
or Position Fees generated during the same period.

(ii) Each non-NTF Fund which trades in an omnibus manner with NFS will be subject to a

per Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“Monthly Minimum Fee”) of $500.00.
The Monthly Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel
Fund exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by dividing the total market value of all
Brokerage Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the current month-end by the
total number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this Agreement). The Monthly
Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees
or Position Fees generated during the same period.

(iii) Each No Transaction Fee Fund which trades in an omnibus manner with NFS will be

subject to a per Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“NTF Monthly Minimum
Fee”) of $1,000.00. The NTF Monthly Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets
per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by dividing the total
market value of all Brokerage Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the
current month-end by the total number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this

Agreement). The NTF Monthly Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of the
Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fee generated during the same period.

Any Monthly Minimum Fee described above shall be invoiced by Fidelity.

Part III —- FITOC Channel Fee

For the services provided to the FIIOC Channel by FIIOC hereunder, Fund/Agent shall pay to
FIIOC the amounts set forth above in this Exhibit A (and reflected in Exhibit C) equal to a
percentage per annum of the average aggregate amount invested in the Funds through the FIIOC
Plans each calendar month (the “FIIOC Channel Asset-Based Fee”). The average aggregate
amount invested through the FIIOC Plans over a calendar month shall be computed by totaling
the FIIOC Plans’ daily investments during the month and dividing such total by the actual
number of calendar days in the month. Daily investments shall include amounts invested by the
FIIOC Plans either directly or indirectly in the Funds including, but not limited to, direct
investments in the Funds and investments in the Funds by “strategy funds” and other customized
FIIOC Plan investment options contemplated by Exhibit H. However, AT&T Plan assets shall be
excluded for the purpose of calculating the FIIOC Channel Asset-Based Fee.

Part IV - General

The fee terms set forth in this Part IV apply to both the Brokerage Channels and FIIOC
Channel:

Fidelity acknowledges that payment of the fees described herein may be financed in whole or in
part by a Fund in accordance with that Fund’s plan of distribution adopted pursuant to Rule 12b-1
under the 1940 Act (‘12b-1 Plan”). Ifa Fund's 12b-1 Plan is modified, suspended or terminated
such that the fees are no longer payable from Fund assets, Fund/Agent agrees to continue to pay
the amount that would have been payable pursuant to the 12b-1 Plan to Fidelity for a period of up
to eighteen (18) months following the modification, suspension or termination of such 12b-1
Plan. In addition, the parties agree to negotiate in good faith to expeditiously provide for an
alternate source of payment to Fidelity. Each party agrees to use its best efforts to conclude such
negotiations within the eighteen (18) month period following the modification, suspension or
termination of the 12b- Plan, and either party's failure to negotiate in good faith shall constitute a
material breach of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, Fund/Agent
shall not be required to pay any portion of the Fee as to which it is determined by Fund/Agent, in
good faith, that such continued payment would violate any applicable law, rule, or regulation or
any SEC or other applicable authoritative order against Fund/Agent.

Upon prior written notice to Fund/Agent pursuant to Section VI.L, Fidelity may change, amend,
or waive any fee or the method of payment thereof under this Agreement and Fidelity may issue
to Fund/Agent a new or replacement Exhibit A or other writing documenting such change,
amendment, or waiver. Such change, amendment, or waiver shall be effective on the date stated
in such notice. Unless within a reasonable timeframe Fund/Agent or any of its affiliates object in
writing, the acceptance by Fund/Agent of any order after the date stated in such notice shall
represent Fund/Agent’s agreement to pay such fees to Fidelity. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the parties agree that any amendment or change that increases the fees to be paid shall have been
previously negotiated and agreed to by both parties prior to submission in writing by Fidelity.

The method of payment by Fund/Agent of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees and the FITOC
Channel Asset-Based Fees (collectively, the “Asset-Based Fees”) shall be as indicated in the
above Summary of Fees.

For the Asset-Based Fees to be invoiced by Fidelity (“Invoiced”), subsequent to each month-end,
NFS shall send to Fund/Agent a statement of the market value of shares of the Fund for which
the fee is calculated for the preceding month, together with a statement of the amount of the
Asset-Based Fee. In the calculation of such Asset-Based Fee, NFS shall use its calculation
methodology, provided such methodology is generally consistent with industry practice and
results in an amount due on an annual basis that is materially the same as Fund/Agent would
calculate using Fund/Agent’s calculation methodology. In addition, NFS’ records shall govern
unless Fund/Agent can demonstrate that the number of shares or Fund price(s) used in such
calculation is inaccurate. Fidelity shall cooperate with Fund/Agent in providing information
Fund/Agent may request in order to reconcile calculations in such invoices. All fees are due
thirty (30) days upon receipt of invoice. Payment shall be by wire transfer or other form
acceptable to Fidelity and shall be separate from payments related to redemption proceeds and
distributions. If Fund/Agent fails to remit such fees within 30 days, Fund/Agent will be subject to
a monthly 1.0% (12% per annum) late charge on aggregate outstanding balances.

For the Asset-Based Fees to be calculated and paid by Fund/Agent (“Autopaid”), subsequent to
each month-end, Fund/Agent shall calculate and pay via the NSCC systems to Fidelity such
Asset-Based Fees. Such payment will be accompanied by a statement showing the calculation of
the amounts payable and such other supporting data as may be reasonably requested by Fidelity.
In the calculation of such Asset-Based Fee, Fund/Agent shall use its calculation methodology,
provided such methodology is generally consistent with industry practice and results in an
amount due on an annual basis that is materially the same as Fidelity would calculate using
Fidelity’s calculation methodology. In addition, Fund/Agent’s records shall govern unless
Fidelity can demonstrate that the number of shares or Fund price(s) used in such calculation is
inaccurate. Fund/Agent shall cooperate with Fidelity in providing information Fund/Agent may
request in order to reconcile calculations in such statements.

A eu eu %Sb0 %SL'0 x lyoveoizy = xuoar YIMGSALYOISNNGS = tz
4A eu eu %000 %01'0 SS9veOlLly Xdvor ITDALYOASNNYE =z
A eu eu %OLO %0S'0 xX eegvedly = XLuve STOALYOASNNVE = 6h
A eu eu %000 = =%00'L gooveolzy = xXoOoVr OTMALYOASNNYE = 8h
A eu Bu %Sb0 %SL'0 8eZoe0lZy  XxesOr 410 G3 GNO8 318Ixa1a SNNVE Zh
A eu eu %000 %00'L €SLOEOLLy xolar 2.04 GNOS 318X374 SNNVF 9k
A eu eu %00'0 + =%SEO bozde0lZy §=§=6©xXvsadr Vv G4 GNOS 311X314 SANVE SF
A eu eu %0L0 %O0S0 x Oz@Zde0lZy §=xsavr $19 GNO@ 318IX314 SANVE vt
A eu eu %000 %0L'0 QPZDE0lZy =©Xx3 Sr 119 Gg 318X314 SNANVE et
A eu eu %00'0 %O0L'O esgde0lde = XNOOr 119 G4 NVINVYLNOOD SANWE Zt
A eu eu %0'0  %0S'0 LEBDEOLLY XINOr $10 G4 NVINVHLNOD SANYF EE
A eu eu %00'0 = %004 O98DE0LZ =XONOr 9719 G4 NVIAVHLNOD SNNVE OL
A eu eu %000 %SE0 8280€0lZy XWNOr V 19 G4 NVIYVHLNOS SNNVE 6
4A eu eu %SL0 %S2'0 x SysdcOlLZy = XYNOr YTD NVISVYELNOO SNNVT 8
A eu eu %SbL0 %S2L0 eosoeol4» xXuyaar ¥ 10 G4 GZ90NV1v8 SNNVE Z
A eu eu %000 %001 SOQ9DEOLZy = xoOavr 910 G4 G39NV1ve8 SNNVe 9
A eu eu %0l'0 %0S'0 x 9885c0OlLZp  xXuYavr $19 G3 G3ONVIV8 SNNVT s
A eu eu %000 %01'0 poLoeollp =X ver 119 4 G39NV1v8 SANVS v
A eu eu %000 %SE'0 gosoeolzy  xXvEdr Vv 10 G4 G3ONVIVE SNNVE £
4A %z skepoge %000 %O0L'0 €zeveoldp XOWNS |HLMYS G39VNVW YSTY HOALNI é
A eu eu %000 %O00'b 60zDe0lZe §=6xOOTT 9:19 3YOO GONW SIN HOALNI L

dIsno FOAL oweN Gd [289]
auueyo
(ayer ose

fono 293 /PIOY, Joyog 304 spuTEyD

Supe, | wou) | oraige | pasea T aseayOIg
quanbaig 20d ondde) | 1assy Te Or SIN

Dold uondusspsy aay JeuueyD eis0ld CA

Addy | peuueyy gona | Naa | OOoMd day UoNoEsuRLL ON

uonedionied uoneuuojuy puny

 

 

SaNN4

 

puuey) COMA 199 6007 “T Hav eAnsasF
[SUNY sse1aYOIg 10} 6007 1 Alenuer dAljoajjo ‘popuoule se > LIGIHX A

 

>~>> >>> > >>> >>> ee > meee meme mmm > mm Hmmm

he
eu

eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
%e

%e
eu

%e
he

eu

%e
%e
eu
eu
eu
eu
Ne
%e

he
eu

eu
he

ee
eu

eu

shep 06
eu

eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
shep 06
shep 06
eu
eu
shep 06
shep 06
eu
eu
sfep 06

shep 06
eu

eu
eu
bu
sAep 06
skep 06
shep 06
eu
eu
sAep 06

sep 06
eu

eu

%01'0
%00'0
%0L'O
%S1 0
%00°0
%00°0
%00'0
%0b'0
%SL0
%00'0
%01'0
%00°0
%00'0
%00°0
%OL'O
%00'0
%00'0
%00'0
%OL'0
%00'0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%O0LO
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
*OL'O
%00°0
%00°0
%00'°0

%05°0
SEO
%0S'°0
%SL0
%SEO
%00't
%01'0
%0S'0
%SL0
%SEO
%0S'0
%0+0
%00't
%SE'O
%0S'0
%0t'O
%00'L
%SE'0
%0S'0
%0b'0
%00'L
SEO
SEO
%00'1
%0S'0
%0b'0
=%lE0
%SE0
%00'L
%0S°0
%0l'0
»REE'0
%SEO

Ol

SSSOEOLLY
L6SDEOLLY
CL9deOLy
bZ9D€0LLy
ySQDEOLLy
LY9DEOLLY
6E9DE0LLP
L8EDE0L Lb
66EDEOLLP
LEpOeoL ly
SLPEZOLLY
vevezolly
ZEVEZOLLY
OvvEzOLLY
ELvEZOLLY
LSvEZOLLE
ELvEZOLLY
b8PrEzOLLy
SZEEZOLLy
Ceeezordy
bHEEZOLLy
BSEEZOLLY
O6EEZOLLY
ZSEEZOLLb
Q9EEZOLL
PLEEZOLLP
LOSVEOLLY
LLOVEOLZy
LESVEOLLy
GLSVEOLLb
E8SVEOLLb
SZOVEOLLY
pLOVEOLL

XAHOr
XVAHE
xoavr
xynar
xvnar

xolor

XNntor
xsavr
xyodr
xvoar
XSdd¢r

Xidde
XOddr
Xvdde
XSNar

XINSP
XONAr
XVNar
XsLvr

XiLvt
xoOLve
xvLve
xvour
xoour
xsour

xiour
xLuar
xvuar
xouar
xsuar

xldar
xLovr
xvoar

$ 19 G4 QT13IA HOIH SNNYE

V 10 G4 OTAIA HOIH SANT

$19 G4 SWOONI GNV HLMOND SNNVT
4Y 19 G4 SWOON! 2 HLMOYD SNNVP

V 10 G4 AWOONI 2? HLMONDS SNNVE
9:19 SWOONI 2 HLMOYSD SANE

119 SAWOONI 2 HLMOUD SNNVE

$19 G4 3HOO HOYV3SSSY SNNYT

¥ 19 dj 3YOO HOYVASSY SNNVT

V19 G3 3YOO HOYUVaSSY SNNVT

$19 G4 SSILINNLYOddO TWd019 SANE
119 G4 S3ILINNLYOddO WWa019 SNNYT
919 G4 S3ILINNLYOddO WWE019 SNNVT
Vv 19 GJ S3ILINNLYOddO WWd019 SNNVT
$19 G4 S3ONAIOS 3dI1 WEOT1D SNNVE
119 G4 SSDNIIDS 34511 TwaO19 SANT
9:19 d43 SAONIIOS 34I7 TWAO19 SANE
V 19 G4 SAONAIDS 341 WdOTS SNNVE
$ 19 G4 ASOTONHOSL TW8019 SNNVE
119 G4 ADOTONHOSL TWE019 SNNVE
9.19 G4 ADOTONHOAL T¥8019 SNNYE
V 19 G4 ADOTONHOSL TV8019 SNNVF
Vv 10 G4 HOUVaSAY TVE0O719 SNNVT
9.19 dj HOYWVASSY TvEO19 SNNVT

$ 10 G4 HONVASSY 1v8019 SANVT

119 G4 HOYVASSY 1V8079 SNNVE

119 G4 3LVLS3 1v3y TvE019 SNNvr
V 10 GJ SLVLS3 TW34 WE019 SANT
9.19 d4 3LVLS3 vay Tv8019 SNNVE
$10 G4 SLVLS3 Twa" TWE019 sNNvVT
119 G4 SLVLS3 1v3y 1v8019 SNNVT
179 G4 ALYOS SNNVT

Vv 19 G4 ALYOS SNNVS

es
zs
ts

6r
ay
Ly
oF
sy

ey
ey

or
6E
se
Ze
ge
se

ee
ze

Rass

Z@
92
Sz
ve
&%
2

>>> >>> > ee meme mH meme mH mH mm mem mm mmm mmm mmm

eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu

eu
eu

eu
eu

Ke
%e

We

He

eu

Ke

He
eu
eu
He
He
eu
He
He
eu

eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
sep 06
skep 06
eu
sep 06
eu
shep 06
eu
eu
eu
shep 06
eu
skep 06
eu
eu
sAep 06
sAep 06
eu
sAep 06
shep 06
eu

%00°0
%O1'0
%00°0
%00'0
%00°0
%00°0
%00'0
%01'0
%00°0
%00°0
%0L'O
%S1'0
%S1'0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%01'0
%00'0
%SL'0
SLO
%00'0
%0b'0
%SL0
%00°0
%00'0
%00'°0
%00'0
%00'°0
%01'0
%00°0
%00'0
SO
%00°0

%SE'O
%03'0
%SE'O
%0+'0
»%€E'0
%SE'0
%00'b
%0S'0
%0b'0
%SE'O
%03'0
%SL'0
%SL'0
s%EE0
%0b'0
%00't
%0S'0
%SE'0
%SL'0
%SL'0
%SE'0
%0S'0
%SL0
%00'b
%01'0
%SE0
%00°b
%0b'0
%0S'°0
%SE'0
%01'0
%SL0
%00'b

x

8PSDEOLLy
86POE0L LP
99ZDEOL LP
beZOEOL Ly
8ZEVEOLy
69EVEOLZy
bSEVeOlZy
QEEVEOL LY
voEVEOLLY
628DE0lLy
6LLDE0LLE
LBLDE0L LP
CETOCOL LY
LLEVEOLLY
6LYVEOLLy
LevVedlly
S8EVEOLZb
SEPVveol ly
6EVEOLLy
OL9DE0LLP
ZLLOEOLLP
Z99DE0L Lb
9SPOEOL LY
ZLYOEOLLP
POPOEOL LP
O8POEOL Ly
2rSVEOLLy
pESVEOLLD
6PrPDEOLLy
ZELVEOLLY
B80EDE0LLy
€9SOEOLLy
68SOE0LLP

xvuor
xruor
xvdar
XVAWE
XLAVve
Xdwvr
Xdwor
Xdwsr
xdwir
xvwar
xXLyor
xuwar
xudor
xisTt
xisir
xsior
xs1sr
xsir
xstar
xyoar
xvoar
xyoor
xular
xooir
xsoIr
xviar
xalor
xa
xYoir
xvsur
xowdr
XYAHe
XOHOr

v 19 G4 NOIMO SNNVS

$19 G4 NOINO SNNVT

Vv 19 G4 SN TWA dvd GIW SNINY3Ad

119 SNWA dV9 GIN SNDY3d

179 dd NOILONYLSNOS LYOd YVINGOW SNNVT
V 19 G4 NOLLONYLSNOD LYOd YWINGOW SNNVE
9.79 dd NOLLONYLSNOD LYOd YWINGOW SNNVT
$10 G4 NOILONYLSNOD LYOd YVINGOW SNNVE
119 G4 NOLLONYLSNOO LYOd YVINGOW SNNVT
V 19 G3 SSldy3LN3 SNNVE

$19 ASlddy3.1N3 SNNVE

Y 10 G4 SSIddy3.LN3 SNNYE

dd SMWVA VO GIN SNDY3d

119 G4 LYOHS/ONO7 SANWT

179 LYOHS/ONOT SNNVE

9.10 LYOHS/ONOT SNNVS

$ 19 G4 LYOHS /ONOT SNNVE

V 19 G4 LYOHS /ONO1 SNNVS

¥ 19 G4 LYOHS / 9NO1 SNNVE

Yad SANWT

v 19 d4 SNNVE

$79 G4 SANVS

¥ Gd SVASH3SAO SNNVE

9.19 G4 SV3SHSAO SNNVE

119 d4 SVASH3AO SNNVT

Vv 19 Gd SVASH3SAO SNNVE

9.19 G4 ALINOA TLNI SANVE

179 ALINDA TLNI SANWE

$ 19 SVASH3AO SNNWE

V ANTWA GSOVNYW ASIY HOSLNI

13YO9 G3A9VNYW SIX HOSLNI

419 G4 G131A-HSIH SNNVP

9.19 G4 GTSIA HOIH SANS

48
98
s8

ee
2
i)
08
62
eZ
aL
gL
GL
be
eZ
2
bL
OL
69
99
29
99
so

eo
2
19
og
6s
9s
4g
9s
Ss

~> >>> >>> > eee meee mmm mmm em Heme erm mmm

eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eN
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu

eu

éé

eu

eu
eu

eu

eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu

eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu

eN

Bu

eé€

eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu

%00°0
%00°0
%00'0
%OV'O
%00'0
%00'0
%00'0
%0b'O
%00°0
%00°0
%00'0
%0b'0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%01'0
%00°0
%00'0
%00°0
%0L'O
%00°0
%00°0
%00'0
%00°0
%00'0
%0b'O
%00°0
%OL'O
%Sb'0
%00'0
%00'0
%Sb'0
%00°0

%00't
%SE'O
%01°0
%0S'0
%00'L
%SEO
%0L'0
%05'0
%00'b
SEO
%01'0
%0S'0
%O00L
%SE'0
%0+'0
%0S'0
%O0t
%SEO
%0b'0
%0S'°0
%00't
%SE'0
=%EE'0
%SE°0
%00b
%0S°0
%01'0
%0S°0
%SL0
%SE'0
%00'b
%SL'0
%00'b

ZI

S9EDEOLLY
ELEOEOLLE
ZOEVEOLLP
LOpVEOLZD
eozveolZy
vOLVEOLLY
pOBVEOLLY
9SeVEO Ly
eLZeveolZy
O8sVvEOLZb
S80ZVEOLZY
LOBVEOLLY
609VEOLLP
OOSVEOL ZY
2 2 EZOLLY
¥ Et EZOLLY
6 SZ EZOLLY
£92 €ZOL Lb
E8ZEZOLLP
SLZEzOb le
b6ZEZOLLb
LVEEZOLLe
O9zVEOlLLb
OLEVEOLLY
vECVEOLLY
BLZVEOLLP
98ZVEOlLY
A9LDE0LLy
SLLOEOLLy
LLZOEOLLE
t6LOeOL lp
PLSOEOLLy
OfSOEOLy

XOWOr
xvwor

xivor
xsvor
xovor
xvvor

xiOwr
XSOWr
XOOWr
xvowr

xioor
xsoor
xooor
xvoor

XIHSt
XSHSsr
XOHSS
xvHsr

xivar
xsvar
xover
xvvar

xLdt
Xvdvr
xXOavr
xSdvr

Xidvr

xosir
xusar
xvsar
xosor
xuyyor
xouor

919 dd NOLINL SANVE

Vv 19 GANOLINL SNNVE

119 SALLWAYASNOO OOSLYOd LYVWS SNNVT
S10 SAILVAYASNOO O104LYOd LYVWS SNNVE
9:19 SALLWAYASNOO O1OS1LYOd LYWWS SNNVE
V 10 SALLWAYASNOO O10S.LYOd LYVWS SNNVE
119 SLVYSCGOW ONOSLYOd LYVWS SNNWE
$10 SLVYSCGOW O1MO0SLYOd LYWWS SANVES

9 19 ALVYSCOW O104LYOd LYVWS SNNVP

V 10 SLVYAGOW O104LYOd LYVWS SNNVS
119 HIMONDS O1104LHOd LYVWS SNNVE

$10 HLMONS O1OSLYOd LYVWS SNNVP

910 HLMOUS ONOALYOd LYVWS SANVE

W190 HLMOXS O1104LeOd LYVWS SNNVE

119 G4 GNOS WSL LYOHS SNNVP

$10 04 GNOS WH3L LYOHS SNNVT

919 G4 GNOS WH3L LYOHS SNNVP

WV 19 G3 GNOG WAL LYOHS SNNVE

170 d4 HOYWASaY SNNVS

$19 G4 HOUWaSSY SNNVE

919 d4 HOYVASSY SANE

V 10 G4 HOYVASSY SNNVE

119 03 SMWA dV9 39yv1 SNINY3d

V 19 4 SNIWA dvd 391 SNINY3Ad

919 G4 ANTWA dVd ADYV1 SNINY3d

$19 G4 ANTVA d¥9 ADVI SNINYAd

119 da 3NIWA dv¥9 39YVT SNIMYAd

S$ d4 ANTWA dVO TIVWS SNINYad

¥ 19 AMWA dvd TIVWS SNIMYad

VW 19 AMIWA d¥9 TIVWS SNINY3d

9.19 G4 ANMIWA dVO TIVWS SNIMYAd

¥ 70 dJ NOINO SNNVT

9.19 d4 NOINO SANVE

sot

£08
zoL
bol
ool

86
46

sé

£6
26
6
06
68
88

>> >>> >> re >>> rere eee HHH meme Heme mH Hmmm HOD

eu
eu

he
he

%e
eu

eu

ze
eu

%e
eu
eu
He
%e
%e
%e
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu

eu
%e

He

eu

eu
shep 06
SAEp 06

shep 06
eu

eu
sAep 06
eu
sAep 06
bu
eu
shep 06
sAep 06
shep 06
SAep 06
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
skep 06
eu
sAep 06
eu

%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00'0
%0+'0
%00'0
%00'0
%01'0
%00'0
%00°0
%00°0
%00'0
%00°0
%00°0
%00'0
%00°0
%00'0
%00°0
%00°0
%00'0
%00°0
%00'0
%00'0
%OL'O
%00°0
%00'0
%00°0
%00°0
%Sb'O
%0b'O
%00'0
%00'°0
%SL'O

=%EE0
eyu
«%EE'0
»%EEO
%0S'0
%00't
%SE'0
%0S°0
%SE'0
«HOO
»%EEO
»%EEO
»%EE0
»%lE'0
ECO
#%EO0
»%lE'0
»%EE'0
»AEE'0
»%EE'0
»%EE'0
»hlO0
%00'L
%0S°0
%00'b
%0b'0
%00'1
%00'L
%SL0
%0S'0
SEO
%OL'0
SLO

x

x KX KX KK KK KK XK

€1

86SEZOLLY
O8SEZOLLy
Q9SSEZOLLb
66LVEOLLD
SI8VEOLly
Lesveoldy
6ySVEOLLy
LOPOEOL LY
OOLDEOL Ly
ZOLEZOLLE
OOZEZOLLP
OZ8EZOLLP
E99EZOLLY
lesezolZy
Z29EZ0L Ly
LL9EzOLLy
LOLEZOLLY
9Q09EZOLLY
vOSEZOLL
LvLecoLly
SS9EZOLLY
6L8EZOLLP
QLEDEOLLY
S2ZOEOb Ly
BSZOEOLLY
S6LDEOLLY
LLB8DE0LZb
969DE0L LP
28ZOE0L Lb
pLZDE0L Ly
PZEOEOLLY
O6ZOEOLLy
OvEDEOL Ly

xAowr
XAINE
xswar
xLyar
xloor
xosor
xvaor
xio1
xvodr
XAHVE
xlovr
xxovwr
xLovr
Xdaver
xvaor
x7ovr
XSNVP
Xtavr
XNavr
xtavr
xXvaAst
xvavr
XOMME
xIAWr
XOAWE
XYOWe
xouor
xooor
xumar
xyomr
xvmar
XSMMe
xawor

£19 SNIWA dvd GIN SNYad

119 SMIWA d¥vO GIN SNDIYAd

f 19 G3 3YO9 G39VNVW SIX HOSLNI
119 03 HLMOHYD A39VNVW XSIX HOALNI
S$ di HLMOUS GS9VNVW MSIY HOALNI
9 19 HLMONS GSOVNYW SI HOSLNI
V 10 HLMOUD G3S9VNYW SI HOSLNI
S$ G4 3YOO G3S9VNVW SITY HOSLNI

V 19 G3 3¥O9 GSDVNYW XSI HOSLNI

f 19 G4 G131A HOIH SNNWS

f 19 AWOON! GNV HLMONDS SNNVE

f 10 LEYVW ASNOW LNAWNY3A09 SNNVP

£19 ADOTIONHODAL WEO19 SNNVT

f 19 G4 HOYVASSY WO SNNVE

f 19 G4 SAILINNLYOddO TvE019 SNNVT

f TOSSONAIOS 3411 W019 SNNVT
f19.da4 snnvr

f 19 ONO 3181x314 SNNVE

f 19 3Sldd¥3LN3 SANVE

f 19 G4 3YOO HOVASSY SNNVT

£19 G4 NVINVYLNOO SNNVE

f 10 GAONVI1VE SANWT

9.19 SGIMGTHOM SNNVS

S YHS SNTWA dV9 CIN SNDYAd

919 SNTWA dV5 GIN SNIMYAd

119 SSlddy3LN3 SNNVE

9.19 3Slddy3LN3 SNNVE

910 G3 SANVT

¥ 19 G4 ACIMGTHOM SNNVT

$19 d4 JGIMATHOM SNNV?

Vv 19 G4 3GIMGTHOM SNNVT

119 301 MdTHOM SNNVT

410 G4 NOLIN. SANT

esi
(419
Sh
OSL
6h
Srl
dvb
ort
Seb

erb
cp
te
ovr
6EL
gel
Zeb

Leb
OeL
62
82b
Le
92
Seb
ve
14
ecb
bb

>>>>>>

>> >>> eee meee me eee meme meme rm mH mH >>

%e
eu
%e
%z
eu
%e

%e
eu

eu
Ke

eu
eu
eu
%e
%e
%e
eu
eu
%z
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
Ne
eu
eu

skep 06
Bu
sAep 06
shep 06
eu
shep 06

sfep 06
eu

eu
skep 06
eu
eu
eu
eu
sAep 06
shep 06

skep 06
eu

eu
skep 06
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
eu
skep 06
eu
eu

%SL'O
%00°0
%OL'O
%00°0
%00°0
%0L'0
%00'0
%00'0
%00°0
%Ov'0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%00°0
%000

%SL'0
%SE'0
%0S'0
«%EC'0
% 00"!
%0S'0
s%EE0
%SE'0
% 00"!
%0S'0
%0'0
%04'0
%O01'0
% O10
% O10
% O10
% O10
%00'L
% O10
o%EE'0
»%EE'0
s%EE0
»%EE'0
eu
eu
eyu
s%EC'0
eyu
=%EE'O
+%EE'O
s%EE0
s%€E'0
s%EC'0

x xX KK

x KKK

bl

9zsvEeOlLy
6SSVZOLLb
OSPVEOLLY
Z8SVEOLLy
veLVEOLL
O69VEOLZY
OvLVEOLLY
b8ZveolLly
eLLVEOLLy
LZSLVEOLLY
LSEDEOL Ly
E8LOEOLy
ceSOCOL Ly
889DE0L Lb
OLLVEOLZy
SOZVEOLLY
LLSOEOLLY
EZPOEOLLY
SLPDEOLLy
60EEZOLLY
LOSEZOLL
B0vEZOLZy
6PSEZOLLY
SLSEZOLLD
€cSecoldy
66PEZOLLY
ZLSEcOLLp
vOSEZOLLy
LB8EZOLLE
€SBecoldp
OP8EZOLLE
SP9EZOLLD
SE8EZ0LLP

xalar
xalvr
xaisr
xiser
xosur
xssur
XLwer
XvInr
XOINe
xsiwr
XxOWsr
xoost
xsdyor
xouor
xisar
Xie
XSAHP
xoavr
xs3zor
XMMP
XLAvr
xwvr
XLivr
xWdsr
xodst
xodst
xAosr
XAISc
xasvr
XYNVe
xsovr
XNUYOr
xxWvr

¥ 719 G4 ALINDA TWNOILLWNYSLNI SANYS

V 19 Gs ALINOA TWNOILYNYSLNI SANVE

$ 10 GJ ALINOA TLNI SANWE

1719 04 SM 1VA G39VNVW SIX HOSLNI
9.19 G3 SN TWA G3DVNVW-ASIY HOALNI
$10 WA GA9WNVW-XSIY HOALNI

119 G4 TWNOILYNYALNI GSDVNWW-YSIY HOSLNI
¥ 19 G4 TWNOILYNYSLNI GADVNVA-SIY HOSLNI
970 GJ TWNOILLYNYALNI GADVNVA-HSIY HOSLNI
$19 TLNI GZ9VNVW-SIY HOALNI

170 G4 NOLIML SANVE

119 d4 ANIA dV TIVWS SNIMY3Sd

119 G4 NOIO SANVE

119 a4 SNNvr

119 SNTIWA GADVNVW-XSIY HOSLNI

119 TLNI GHOVNVW-MSIY HOSLNI

119 G4 G13IA HOIH SANWE

9.19 G4 3YO9 HOYWASAY SANVT

11D G4 3YOD HOYVASSY SNNVE

f 19 SCIMGTYOM SNNVS

f 10 SYNLN3AA SANE

f 19 ALNAML SONNE

f 19 G4 NOLL SANVT

£19 ALVE3SCOW ONOALYOd LYVWS SNNWS
f 1D HLMOUD O1OALYOd LYVWS SNNVT

f 19 SALAYSSNOOD O110ILYOd LYVWS SNNVE
£19 SNIWA dvO TIVWS SNIMYSd

119 AMVA dvd TIVNS SNIWY3d

19 GNOS WHAL LYOHS SNNVE

£19 G4 HONW3S3y SNNVE

f 10 SvaSY3zAO0 SNNVE

f 19 G4 NOINO SANYT

f 10 Lay4YvW AANOW SANT

98b
set
vel
eet
a1
18b
o8t
6b
gdb
alt
Zt
Sb
vb
eb
Zt
bab
OLL
691

6SL
ecL
4s)
9S}
SS
vst

ST

“AreQuUOodS a} 0} SAA SeyHOU Juss y/pun,y oy} ssojuN srosiApe JUSUNSOAUT YSNoIMY poulEjureUr sjuNODoe poseq-oaj pue

suey ylyouaq soXojduia Joy pourejureUs sjuNODOR 0} SISeG POAIBM-PLO] B UO 9]QeTIBAL SoIeYS PUN oye [[IM SEqy Jey} soaiTe pue sospo[mouyoe JoyyMY Jussy/puny
*AreqUOO dy} 0} Sq. SoHou yuady/puN,] ssopuN syusI]o soo ApruTey 0} OQeRIIeAR SpUNy Jo sarwyYs | Sse[D YEW [[IM S_a Jey saerde pue sospo;mouyoe

ques y/pun, ‘sjunodoe paseueul Joy syuapuodsauio0; 0} weIZOlg pun, 39,J UOHORSURI], ON 94} JopuN o]qe[IeAe peu oq Aew puny ay) ‘> IIqQIYXY sIy) UO .ATUD
SIQSIAPY 0} JLN,, SB PoyeUBISap SI puny e J] “sUOI[S Soyo ATIuIey pur ‘sjusuedap ysny ‘syuRQ ‘sIoyeystuLWIpe Ayed paly) ‘sIaSIApe JUOUNSOAUt pord}sIBel opNjout
0} POPUSIUT SI JOSIAPR,, JO JOSIAP! JUSUYSIAUL,, WD} OU} Je} Oise pue adpoymouyor sanred ayy ‘spouueyD sse1syxo1g oy) 0} AyIIQe[TEAe pury Jo sesodind 10.4

“‘%CE'O 0} BBuLYo [IIH (Solfoypog eur ydaoxa) sareys LTD JO/pur ¢ T- ou) Uo say paseq
yasse otf JOYwAIIIP PUL 1 1OZ/1/1 WOIY “%pE' OF aBuEYo J]IM (SOtosHOg yeu ydooxa) sareYS J, TD JO/pUe f 1D aM 10y day poseg Josse OM OI/TE/ZI YSnomp
OLOZ/I/1 Jo porrad amp 304 “GO/TE/ZL YBnoMP %EE"O 38 398 9q ATENTUT IIa (SOLfoyHOg WeUIg ydaoxe) sareYS J, TD JO/PUB F TD BU} Jy 99} pase JOSSE [F101 TUL»

4a eu eu %0b0 %0S°0 ceeoeolzy = §=xXIWwor STOQGINOLIMLSANYE = e6t
A %z SkEPOG %O0'O .%EEO Erpveold> XLIve 179 04 ALYOS TWNOILWNYALNISANVE = 261
A eu eu %000 %SE0 pervedidy = Xvssr V 10 G4 ALYOS TWNOILVNYSLNISNNYE = 16h
A eu eu %000 %00') QLpvEedlZy = XOJse 910 G4 ALYOs TWNOILVNYSLNISNNVE = (06L
A %z SAEPOG %OL'O  %0S'O x Ospveoldy = XSssr $ 19 G3 ALYOS TWNOILLYNYALNI SONNE = 681
4A %z skepoe %00'0  %010 S9PVEOLLD Xldar 110 G4 ALYOS TIVNOILVNYSLNI SNNVE = 88h
A %z skepOG %00'0 .%EE'0 Z6PVEOLLY XLive 119 G4 ALINDA WNOILVNYSLNISANVE = Zeb

 

 

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

 

THIS AMENDMENT, dated as of April 1, 2010 and effective as otherwise set forth
herein, is by and among National Financial Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services
LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), Janus
Distributors LLC (“Distributor”) and Janus Services LLC (“Janus Services”).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, NFS, FBS, FIIOC, Distributor and Janus Services entered into a Services
Agreement dated April 1, 2009 (the “Agreement”), with regard to certain services provided to
beneficial owners of shares of mutual funds or other investment products set forth in the
Agreement,

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the
relevant sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

9) Restating in its entirety Exhibit H as attached hereto.

(2) Except to the extent modified by the Amendment, the remaining provisions of
the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of a conflict between the
provisions of the Agreement and those of this Amendment, the Amendment shall control.

(3) This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which
will be an original and all of which together will be deemed one and the same document.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by
their duly authorized officers effective as of the date first written above. By signing below, the
undersigned represent that they are authorized to execute this document on behalf of the
respective parties. Notwithstanding any contradictory provision of the Agreement that this
document amends, each party may rely without duty of inquiry on the foregoing representation.

Janus Services LLC Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC

mi Member NYSE, SIPC
By: :

Name: Michael Drew Elder

Title: Senior Vice President
Date: 0

 

 

1
K:\Legal_Compliance\Domestic_Funds\Distribution\Current Intermediary Clients\Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC & National
Financial Services LLCUIF\Working File\Master Agreement\Janus MSA DB Amd 5-17-2010.doc

Janus Distributors LLC

By:
Name: Michael Drew Elder

Title: Senior Vice President
Date: AE 1| j

National Financial Services LLC Fidelity Investments Institutional
Member NYSE, SIPC Operations Company, Inc.

By: ier Ok By:
Name: Eure Co lebw Name:

———— Past Ritey
Title: VP. | Nuesquet Pepuets, Title: Vice President
Date: _G { | oO Date: bs 0

 

 

2
K:\Legal_Compliance\Domestic_Funds\Distribution\Current Intermediary Clients\Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC & National
Financial Services LLCVIF\Working File\Master AgreementUanus MSA DB Amd 5-17-2010.doc

 

EXHIBIT H

 

OPERATIONAL GUIDELINES FOR FUND UNITIZATION

The following provisions will apply when a Fund is “unitized” by FMTC. At the direction of a
FIIOC Plan sponsor, a Fund may be unitized by FMTC for purposes of including the Fund as a
component of a custom investment option for a FIIOC Plan. Unitization consists of formulating a
daily net asset value (“NAV”) for a custom investment option based on the respective NAVs of
the underlying components. All dividends and capital gains are reinvested in the custom
investment option.

In order for FMTC to unitize the custom investment option and provide the associated
administrative and recordkeeping services, F und/Agent and FMTC agree to comply with the
following operational guidelines to the extent any Fund is included as a component of a custom
investment option. All terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as that
set forth in the Services Agreement:

I. Pricing Information By 7:00 p.m. ET each Business Day, Fund/Agent shall transmit
the Pricing Information to FMTC, via facsimile or email, to the number(s) or email addresses
listed on the Unitization Setup Form, or such other number or email address as FMTC may
provide from time to time. In the event that a fax machine or email is unavailable to either
Fund/Agent or FMTC prior to 7:00 p.m. ET on any Business Day, Fund/Agent shall provide
FMTC with the Pricing Information via a telephone call by 7:00 p.m. ET at the number(s) listed
on the Unitization Setup Form, or such other number as FIIOC may designate in writing from
time to time.

Fund/Agent shall transmit the Pricing Information even if said Pricing Information is unchanged
from the previous Business Day.

If on any Business Day Fund/Agent is unable to provide such Pricing Information by facsimile or
email by 7:00 p.m. ET, Fund/Agent shall contact one of the persons listed on the Unitization
Setup Form.

In the event that Fund/Agent fails to provide Pricing Information to FMTC by 7:00 p.m. ET ona
Business Day, FMTC shall use the Pricing Information from the prior Business Day in its
calculations.

Il. Indemnification for Pricing Errors
If Fund/Agent:

a) fails to provide Pricing Information in accordance with Section I and subsequently provides
Pricing Information causing a material investment loss to a FIIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan
participant’s account; or

b) provides incorrect Pricing Information and subsequently restates the Pricing Information
causing a material investment loss to a FIIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan participant’s account;

then, subject to applicable law and regulatory guidelines, Fund/Agent shall assume financial
responsibility for any losses in accordance with the following provisions:

3
K:\Legal_Compliance\Domestic_Funds\Distribution\Current Intermediary Clients\Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC & National
Financial Services LLCUIF\Working File\Master AgreementUanus MSA DB Amd 5-1 7-2010.doc

IIS 'S' ISS FFF

¢ In the event that a FIIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan participant suffers a loss from
investment in the custom investment option which cannot be corrected by FMTC through an
adjustment to the FIIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan participant’s account and such loss is caused bya
material pricing error, then subject to applicable law and regulatory guidelines and materiality
standards based on SEC and ERISA standards, Fund/Agent shall be responsible for compensating
the account so that the FIIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan participant who has incurred such a loss shall
be made whole.

¢ In the event that a FIIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan participant gains from investment in the
custom investment option, thereby disadvantaging the custom investment option, and the FIIOC
Plan or FIIOC Plan participant continues to invest in the custom investment option, FMTC shall
adjust the FIIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan participant’s account upon notification to the FIIOC Plan
sponsor and remit such adjustment proceeds to the custom investment option in order to make the
custom investment option whole.

¢ In the event that a FIIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan participant gains from investment in the
custom investment option due to a material pricing error in the Fund, thereby disadvantaging the
custom investment option, and the FIIOC Plan or F TIOC Plan participant receives a distribution
which includes such gain, FMTC, upon notification to the FIIOC Plan sponsor, shall make a
reasonable effort to recover from the FIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan participant the amount overpaid
to such FIIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan participant and return such overpayment to the custom
investment option, provided that Fund/Agent assumes responsibility for all reasonable and
demonstrable expenses incurred by FMTC in attempting to recover the overpayment.
Fund/Agent shall be responsible for making the custom investment option whole for any
overpayment amount which cannot be recovered by FMTC.

¢ In the event that a FIIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan participant gained from its investment
in the custom investment option due to a material pricing error in the Fund, thereby
disadvantaging the custom investment option, and the amount of the overpayment has been
invested in another investment option under the FIIOC Plan, FMTC, upon notification to the
FIIOC Plan sponsor, shall sell the excess units or shares in such investment option in the affected
FIIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan participant’s account to the extent then available (with such excess
determined as of the date of the incorrect unit value) on a current basis and remit the resulting
proceeds to the custom investment option to make the custom investment option whole.
Fund/Agent shall be responsible for making the custom investment option whole for any dilution
in the value of the excess units or shares recovered from the FIIOC Plan or FIIOC Plan
participant’s account between the date of investment in another investment option and date of
recovery of such excess units or shares.

¢ Fund/Agent shall not net the impact of individual FIIOC Plan or FIOC Plan
participant investment gains and losses in calculating any compensation due FIIOC Plan or
FIIOC Plan participants.

¢ Price errors for the Fund(s) shall be determined by FMTC in accordance with its
current price error correction policy and applicable law.

4
K:\Legal_Compliance\Domestic_Funds\Distribution\Current Intermediary Clients\Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC & National
Financial Services LLCVIF\Working File\Master Agreement\VJanus MSA DB Amd 5-17-2010.doc

rrr

Ill. Appointment of FMTC as Limited Agent, Acceptance of Orders and Trade

Reporting

¢ Fund/Agent appoints FMTC as its agent for the sole and limited purpose of accepting
orders for the purchase, exchange, and redemption of shares of the Fund derived from FIIOC Plan
or FIIOC Plan participant instructions (“Orders”), For the avoidance of doubt, all orders shall be
processed in accordance with the terms of each Fund’s currently effective registration statement.
Notwithstanding anything in these Guidelines to the contrary, FMTC shall not act as agent for
Fund/Agent in any manner whatsoever, except in accepting such Orders.

¢ FMTC, as agent of Fund/Agent, shall accept Orders prior to the Close of Trading on
each Business Day on which there is trade activity in the Fund (“Trade Instructions”) and such
Orders shall be treated as having been received by Fund/Agent on such Business Day. (“Trade
Date’).

¢ FMTC and Fund/Agent agree that trading of Orders shall occur via the National
Securities Clearing Corporation’s (“NSCC”) Defined Contribution Clearance and Settlement
Service. National Financial Services (“NFS”) and Fund/Agent have executed and filed the
standard agreements required for participating in and trading through the NSCC and Fidelity
Brokerage Services LLC, NFS, and Fund/Agent have entered into a Services Agreement and/or
an Agency Trading Agreement pursuant to which NFS transmits to Fund/Agent orders for the
purchase, redemption, or exchange of shares of the Fund, as identified in such Services
Agreement or Agency Trading Agreement, on behalf of customers of NFS through the NSCC.

e Each Business Day following Trade Date (TD + 1), FMTC shall provide to NFS
instructions for the net purchase or net redemption of shares of the Fund in the custom investment
option based on Orders accepted prior to the Close of Trading on the prior Business Day. NFS
shall in turn transmit such instructions to Fund/Agent in accordance with the provisions of the
Services Agreement or Agency Trading Agreement and pursuant to each party’s obligations
under the rules of membership of the NSCC. Fund/Agent shall effect such instructions at the
public offering price of the shares of the Fund calculated as of the Close of Trading on the
Business Day on which the Order was accepted by FMTC.

IV. Settlement Settlement between NFS and Fund/Agent shall occur through the NSCC.

 

V. Confirmation and Reconciliation Confirmation of trading and balances will be
provided to FMTC by NFS/NSCC.

VI. Fund Waivers Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Agreement, Fund/Agent
hereby agrees to waive any and all loads or fees associated with purchase, exchange, and
redemption transactions in the Funds. FMTC will provide reasonable assistance upon request by
the Funds or the Fund/Agent in identifying and curtailing any excessive trading in the Funds by
particular FIIOC Plan or FIIOC plan participants that the Funds or the Fund/Agent reasonably
believes adversely affects the Funds. FMTC will also assist the Funds and Fund/Agent in
implementing policies and procedures to deter excessive trading in the Fund.

VII. Proxies Fund/Agent shall forward proxy materials to the address set forth on the
Unitization Setup Form.

5
K:\Legal_Compliance\Domestic_Funds\Distribution\Current Intermediary Clients\Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC & National
Financial Services LLCUIF\Working File\Master AgreementVanus MSA DB Amd 5-17-2010.doc

JANUS SERVICES LLC Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Company, Inc.
(on behalf of its affiliate(s))

By: ( By:
Name: Michael Drew Elder Name: i
ul
Title: Title: ident

Date:

 

6
K:\Legal_Compliance\Domestic_Funds\Distribution\Current Intermediary Clients\Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC & National
Financial Services LLCVIF\Working File\Master Agreement\anus MSA DB Amd 5-17-2010.doc

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, effective as of March 31, 2011, is by and among National
Financial Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity Investments
Institutional Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), Janus Distributors LLC (“Distributor”) and
Janus Services LLC (“Janus Services”).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, NFS, FBS, FIIOC, Distributor and Janus Services entered into a Services
Agreement dated April 1, 2009 (the “Agreement”), with regard to certain services provided to
beneficial owners of shares of mutual funds or other investment products set forth in the
Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the
relevant sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

() Article One, Section I.D., “Agency Trading” is hereby amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

D. Agency Trading

Fund/Agent hereby appoints NFS as its agent for the sole and limited purpose of
accepting orders for the purchase and redemption of Shares (“Fund Orders”).

NFS hereby accepts its appointment on the terms and conditions set forth herein.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, NFS shall not be
acting as agent for Fund/Agent in any manner whatsoever, except in accepting
such Fund Orders. NFS may appoint a third party as its agent (“NFS’ Agent”) for
the purpose of receiving Fund Orders on behalf of NFS. Such Fund Orders
received by NFS’ Agent shall be deemed received by NFS, and accordingly by
Fund/Agent, simultaneously. NFS' Agent may also appoint intermediaries as
subagents for the limited purpose of receiving Fund Orders on behalf of NFS. If
such Fund Orders are received by NFS or NFS’ Agent prior to the Close of
Trading on a Business Day or such other time as designated in writing to NFS by
Fund/Agent, they shall be treated as having been received by Fund/Agent on
such Business Day (“Trade Date”).

The parties acknowledge that some Fund Orders may, pursuant to the practices
and procedures of the NSCC, be transmitted through the NSCC Defined
Contribution Clearance and Settlement System. For such Fund Orders, NFS will,
by 9:00 A.M. Eastern Time, or other mutually agreed upon time, each Business
Day following Trade Date (“TD + 1”), provide to Fund/Agent either summarized
trading instructions for the net purchase or net redemption of Shares of the Funds
or detailed trading instructions based on Fund Orders accepted by NFS or NFS’
Agent prior to Close of Trading on the prior Business Day. NFS will provide
both summarized and detailed trading instructions to Fund/Agent on TD+1 via
Fund/SERV. Such instructions shall be effected at the public offering price, or
such other price as may apply to the transaction, of the Shares of the respective

(2)

(3)

(4)
6)
(6)

)

Fund calculated as of the Close of Trading on the Business Day on which the
Fund Order was accepted by NFS or NFS’ Agent.

Deleting Exhibit D, “Agency Trading Agreement” in its entirety and inserting a
blank Exhibit D labeled “Reserved” solely in order to preserve the sequencing of
subsequent exhibits.

The following defined terms and associated definitions are hereby deleted from
the “Definitions” section of the Agreement and said section is re-lettered
accordingly: “Charitable Gift Fund Pools”; “CGF Pools”; “SAI Funds” and
“Intermediary Plans.”

Restating in its entirety Exhibit A as attached hereto.
Restating in its entirety Exhibit C as attached hereto.

Except to the extent modified by the Amendment, the remaining provisions of
the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of a conflict
between the provisions of the Agreement and those of this Amendment, the
Amendment shall control.

This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which
will be an original and all of which together will be deemed one and the same
document.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank. Signature page to follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by
their duly authorized officers effective as of the date first written above. By signing below, the
undersigned represent that they are authorized to execute this document on behalf of the
respective parties. Notwithstanding any contradictory provision of the Agreement that this
document amends, each party may rely without duty of inquiry on the foregoing representation.

Janus Services LLC

    
  

 

By:

Name: Michael D. Elder
Title: Sehior Vice President
Date:

Janus Distributors LLC

  

National Financial
Member NYSE,

 

 

By: By:

Name: Name: Charles J, Geremi:
Title: Title

Date: Date

 

Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Company, Inc.

YS

Name:

Title:
Date: zs : S , :

EXHIBIT A

FEE SCHEDULE - Effective March 31, 2011

 

Summary of Fees

Fee Payment
Frequency | Frequency
Fee Type and
Method

New Fund Family

Start Up Fee

One-time | One-time

New cus? Fee | oreine | Sr

One-time
(Autopaid)

One-time
(Autopaid)

Monthly
(Invoiced)

$15,000 per fund family (waived due to existing fund family
relationship)

$6,000 per CUSIP not already on platform

(Invoiced) (waived if CUSIP is an NTF Fund within Brokerage Channel)

1.00% on Class C assets as dealer concession in addition to the
fees for services contemplated by this Agreement

Reallowance of initial sales charge (front-end load) on Class A
assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for services
contemplated by this Agreement **

Shares

Class T (except
Allocation Funds)

Admin

0.35%

 

Monthly
(12b-1 fees
autopaid;
Admin fees
to be

Asset-Based Fee Invoiced)

Class C

Class I (TPA-
retirement
Platform onl:

0.50%

0.10%
(TPA-

. 0.25% /
retirement

0.35%

0.10% (plus
0.15% for
retirement

fundsnetwork
“RFN” assets)

0.60% /
0.75%

0.15% (plus
0.10% for
retirement

fundsnetwork
assets)

0.40% /
0.50%

 

it | Networking Per
Monthly i Position Fee
(Invoiced)

Position
Reimbursement Fee

Funds with Networked
Monthly Minimum Monthly Positions.
Fee* (per Fund) (Invoiced) =

N/A

(12b-1 fees Class S 0.25% 0.25% 0.50%
autopaid;

Asset Based Fee Admin fees ClassR 0.50% 025% 0.15%
to be

Invoiced) Class A 0.25% 0.10% 0.35%

Class C 1.00%

Class T (except °
Allocation Funds) 0.35% 0.35%

* Waived if average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million; reduced by amount of
Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during same period

10% 0.10%

 

** Fidelity shall be entitled to a re-allowance of the initial sales charge as set forth in the then-current
Prospectus and/or SAI. Fidelity shall be entitled to such re-allowance upon receipt of purchase funds from
customers in the Brokerage Channels. Further, in accordance with each Fund’s Prospectus and/or SAI,
Distributor or any affiliate of the Distributor may, but is not obligated to, make payments to Fidelity from
Distributor’s or such affiliate’s own resources as compensation for certain sales that are made at net asset
value.

*** As reflected under RFN Fee Column in Exhibit C.

Part I — Universal Fees

The fees set forth in this Part I apply to both the Brokerage Channels and FIIOC Channel:

A. Start Up Fees

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a one-time start up fee (“Start Up Fee”) for Fidelity’s initial set up
and preparation to support a new group or family of Funds. The amount of the Start Up Fee is
$15,000.00. and shall be due and payable to NFS the earlier of: (i) 30 days from the execution of
this Agreement; or (ii) the availability of any such Fund through the Channels. The Start Up Fee
is waived due to the existing relationship with Janus.

B. CUSIP Fee

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a fee (“CUSIP Fee”) upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity to add
any Transaction Fee Fund to the Fidelity System in order to make such Fund available to the
Channels. The amount of the CUSIP Fee is $6,000 per CUSIP not already available on the
Fidelity System as of the execution date of this Agreement, however, the fee shall be waived
for No Transaction Fee Funds in the Brokerage Channel, and shall be due and payable to NFS
upon the earlier of: (i) the date such fund is identified on Exhibit C; or (ii) the availability of
such Fund to any of the Channels. The CUSIP Fee shall not apply to any Funds or share classes
added solely in connection with the reorganization of the Funds and or share classes.

Part II - Brokerage Channel Fees
A. Asset-Based Fee

For the services provided to the Brokerage Channels by NFS and FBS hereunder in connection
with those funds indicated on Exhibit C, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a fee equal to the percent
per annum indicated in the Summary of Fees above of the daily market value of the total
number of shares of such Fund held in accounts at NFS (determined by multiplying the number
of such shares times the publicly-reported net asset value of each share), excluding the value of
(i) shares that were held by customers in a Fidelity brokerage account prior to the effective date
of the applicable original agreement superseded by this Agreement and (ii) shares first placed
or purchased in a Fidelity brokerage account after the termination of the Agreement (the
“Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee”). A subsequent reclassification of any such shares will
not exempt the reclassified shares from the Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee. The
Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee does not apply to the JIF Allocation Funds.

With respect to Transaction Fee Funds, any 12b-1 payments and/or administrative fee payments
shall be transmitted to NFS and NFS shall pay such 12b-1 Fees to FBS or the appropriate
Correspondent and NFS may retain any administrative fees.

B. Position Reimbursement Fees

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual position reimbursement fee (“Position Fee”) with
respect to each separate Transaction Fee Fund position held in any customer account of FBS or

Correspondent as set forth below.

(i) Networking Per Position Fees for Transaction Fee Funds

For each Fund which participates in the NSCC Fund/SERV networking level 3 in a
fully-disclosed manner, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual networking per
position reimbursement fee subject to the schedule set forth in the Summary of Fees
above for each separate Fund position held in any customer account of Fidelity or
Correspondent, which fee shall be calculated and payable in monthly installments in
arrears per Fund position upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity.

(ii) Omnibus Fees for Transaction Fee Funds

For each Transaction Fee Fund which does not participate in the NSCC Fund/SERV
networking level 3 system in a fully-disclosed manner, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an
annual Transaction Fee Fund per position reimbursement fee (“TF Per Position Fee”)
subject to the tiered structure set forth in the Summary of Fees above for each separate
Fund position held in any customer account of Fidelity or Correspondent, which fee
shall be calculated and payable in monthly installments in arrears per Fund position
upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity.

For the avoidance of doubt, Position Fees shall not apply to assets held though the TPA-
retirement Platform.

C. Monthly Minimum Fees

(i) Each Fund which trades in a fully-disclosed manner with NFS will be subject to a per
Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“Monthly Minimum Fee”) of $500.00. The
Monthly Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund
exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by dividing the total market value of all Brokerage
Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the current month-end by the total
number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this Agreement), The Monthly
Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees
or Position Fees generated during the same period.

(ii) Each non-NTF Fund which trades in an omnibus manner with NFS will be subject to a
per Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“Monthly Minimum Fee”) of $500.00.
The Monthly Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel
Fund exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by dividing the total market value of all
Brokerage Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the current month-end by the
total number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this Agreement). The Monthly
Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees
or Position Fees generated during the same period.

(iii) Each No Transaction Fee Fund which trades in an omnibus manner with NFS will be
subject to a per Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“NTF Monthly Minimum
Fee”) of $1,000.00. The NTF Monthly Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets
per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by dividing the total
market value of all Brokerage Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the
current month-end by the total number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this
Agreement). The NTF Monthly Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of the
Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fee generated during the same period.

Any Monthly Minimum Fee described above shall be invoiced by Fidelity.

Part DI —- FIOC Channel Fee

For the services provided to the FIIOC Channel by FIIOC hereunder, Fund/Agent shall pay to
FIIOC the amounts set forth above in this Exhibit A (and reflected in Exhibit C) equal to a
percentage per annum of the average aggregate amount invested in the Funds through the FIIOC
Plans each calendar month (the “FIIOC Channel Asset-Based Fee”). The average aggregate
amount invested through the FIIOC Plans over a calendar month shall be computed by totaling
the FIIOC Plans’ daily investments during the month and dividing such total by the actual
number of calendar days in the month. Daily investments shall include amounts invested by the
FIIOC Plans either directly or indirectly in the Funds including, but not limited to, direct
investments in the Funds and investments in the Funds by “strategy funds” and other customized
FIIOC Plan investment options contemplated by Exhibit H. However, AT&T Plan assets shall be
excluded for the purpose of calculating the FIIOC Channel Asset-Based Fee.

Part IV - General

The fee terms set forth in this Part IV apply to both the Brokerage Channels and FITOC
Channel:

Fidelity acknowledges that payment of the fees described herein may be financed in whole or in
part by a Fund in accordance with that Fund’s plan of distribution adopted pursuant to Rule !2b-1
under the 1940 Act (“12b-1 Plan”). If a Fund's 12b-1 Plan is modified, suspended or terminated
such that the fees are no longer payable from Fund assets, Fund/Agent agrees to continue to pay
the amount that would have been payable pursuant to the 12b-1 Plan to Fidelity for a period of up
to eighteen (18) months following the modification, suspension or termination of such 12b-1
Plan. In addition, the parties agree to negotiate in good faith to expeditiously provide for an
alternate source of payment to Fidelity. Each party agrees to use its best efforts to conclude such
negotiations within the eighteen (18) month period following the modification, suspension or
termination of the 12b- Plan, and either party's failure to negotiate in good faith shall constitute a
material breach of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, Fund/Agent
shall not be required to pay any portion of the Fee as to which it is determined by Fund/Agent, in
good faith, that such continued payment would violate any applicable law, rule, or regulation or
any SEC or other applicable authoritative order against Fund/Agent.

Upon prior written notice to Fund/Agent pursuant to Section VI.L, Fidelity may change, amend,
or waive any fee or the method of payment thereof under this Agreement and Fidelity may issue
to Fund/Agent a new or replacement Exhibit A or other writing documenting such change,
amendment, or waiver. Such change, amendment, or waiver shall be effective on the date stated
in such notice. Unless within a reasonable timeframe Fund/Agent or any of its affiliates object in
writing, the acceptance by Fund/Agent of any order after the date stated in such notice shall
represent Fund/Agent’s agreement to pay such fees to Fidelity. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the parties agree that any amendment or change that increases the fees to be paid shall have been
previously negotiated and agreed to by both parties prior to submission in writing by Fidelity.

The method of payment by Fund/Agent of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees and the FIIOC
Channel Asset-Based Fees (collectively, the “Asset-Based Fees”) shall be as indicated in the
above Summary of Fees.

For the Asset-Based Fees to be invoiced by Fidelity (“Invoiced”), subsequent to each month-end,
NFS shall send to Fund/Agent a statement of the market value of shares of the Fund for which
the fee is calculated for the preceding month, together with a statement of the amount of the

Asset-Based Fee. In the calculation of such Asset-Based Fee, NFS shall use its calculation
methodology, provided such methodology is generally consistent with industry practice and
results in an amount due on an annual basis that is materially the same as Fund/Agent would
calculate using Fund/Agent’s calculation methodology. In addition, NFS’ records shall govern
unless Fund/Agent can demonstrate that the number of shares or Fund price(s) used in such
calculation is inaccurate. Fidelity shall cooperate with Fund/Agent in providing information
Fund/Agent may request in order to reconcile calculations in such invoices. All fees are due
thirty (30) days upon receipt of invoice. Payment shall be by wire transfer or other form
acceptable to Fidelity and shall be separate from payments related to redemption proceeds and
distributions. If Fund/Agent fails to remit such fees within 30 days, Fund/Agent will be subject to
a monthly 1.0% (12% per annum) late charge on aggregate outstanding balances.

For the Asset-Based Fees to be calculated and paid by Fund/Agent (“Autopaid”), subsequent to
each month-end, Fund/Agent shall calculate and pay via the NSCC systems to Fidelity such
Asset-Based Fees. Such payment will be accompanied by a statement showing the calculation of
the amounts payable and such other supporting data as may be reasonably requested by Fidelity.
In the calculation of such Asset-Based Fee, Fund/Agent shall use its calculation methodology,
provided such methodology is generally consistent with industry practice and results in an
amount due on an annual basis that is materially the same as Fidelity would calculate using
Fidelity’s calculation methodology. In addition, Fund/Agent’s records shall govern unless
Fidelity can demonstrate that the number of shares or Fund price(s) used in such calculation is
inaccurate. Fund/Agent shall cooperate with Fidelity in providing information Fund/Agent may
request in order to reconcile calculations in such statements.

EXHIBIT C, as amended, effective March 31, 2011
Updated REN to reflect the 10 bps on A and I for TPA retirement platform assets
FUNDS
The effective date for the increase in the RFN in the A shares will be March 1, 2012.

No Transaction Fee FIOC RFN FIIOC Channel | Apply
FD Program Channel Fee Redemption FIIOC

NiFtoall| NIFto | Asset | (applic Fee Frequent

Brokerage } Advisers Based able to (minimum eri

 

Channels only Fee Broker hold/ fee
age rate) (Effective
Channe | April 2, 2012,
1Only | redemption fees
shall no longer

 

Legal FD Name be applied
1 INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLC JLCCX  47103C209 1.00% 0.00% na na Y
2 INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL | JRMGX = 47103A823 0.10% 0.10% 90days 2% Y
3 JANUS BALANCED FD CLA JDBAX  47103C506 0.35% 0.10% na na Y
4. JANUS BALANCED FD CLI JBALX 471030704 0.10% 0.10% na na Y
5. JANUS BALANCED FD CL S JABRX  47103C886 x 0.50% 0.10% na na Y
6 JANUS BALANCED FD CL C JABCX  47103C605 1.00% 0.00% na na Y
7 JANUS BALANCED FD CLR JDBRX  47103C803 0.75% 0.15% na na Y
8. JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLR JCNRX  47103C845 x 0.75% 0.15% na na Y
9. JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLA JCNAX  47103C878 0.35% 0.10% na na Y
10. JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL C JCNCX  47103C860 1.00% 0.00% na na Y
11. JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL S JCNIX 47103C837 xX 0.50% 0.10% na na Y
12. JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLI JCONX  47103C852 0.10% 0.10% na na Y
13. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL! JFLEX 471030746 0.10% 0.10% na na Y
14. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLS JADFX 471030720 x 0.50% 0.10% na na Y
15. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLA JDFAX  47103C761 0.35% 0.10% na na Y
16. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL C JFICX 471030753 1.00% 0.00% na na Y
17. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLR JDFRX 471030738 0.75% 0.15% na na Y
18. JANUS FORTY FD CLC JACCX  47103A666 1.00% 0.00% na na Y
19. JANUS FORTY FD CLS JARTX  47103A633 x 0.50% 0.10% na na Y
20. JANUS FORTY FD CLI JCAPX 47103A658 0.10% 0.10% na na Y

21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
31.

32.

33.
34,
35.
36.
37.
38.
39.
40.
41.

42

43.
44.
45.
46.
47.
48.
49.

50.

51.

52.

53.

JANUS FORTY FD CLR

JANUS FORTY FD CLA

JANUS FORTY FD CLT

JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLI
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLS
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CL C
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CL T
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLI
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL S
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL C
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL C
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL!
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL S
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL C
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLI
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLS
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLA
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL 1
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL S
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL!
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL C
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL A
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLR
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL S
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLA

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLS

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL C

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLR

JDCRX
JDCAX
JACTX
JERIX
JERSX
JERCX
JERAX
JERTX
JRGIX
JRGSX
JRGCX
JRGAX
JATAX
JATCX
JATIX
JATSX
JFNAX
JFNCX
JFNIX
JFNSX
JPPAX
JPPCX
JPPIX
JPPSX
JGINX
JGICX
JDNAX
JDNRX
JADGX
JSHYAX
JDHYX
JDHCX
JSHYRX

47103A641

47103A674
47103A625
47103A583
47103A575
47103A591
47103A617
47103A567
471023374

471023366
471023382
471023390
471023358
471023341

471023333
471023325
471023481

471023473
471023457
471023473
471023440
471023432
471023424
471023416
47103C639
47103C647
47103C654
47103C621
47103C613
47103C597
47103C555
47103C589
47103C563

0.75%
0.35%
0.35%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
0.10%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.10%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.10%
0.50%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.75%

0.15%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0. 15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%

na
na
na
90 days
90 days
na
na
90 days
90 days
90 days
na
na
na
na
90 days
90 days
na
na
90 days
90 days
na
na
90 days
90 days
na
na
na
na
na
na
90 days
na
90 days

na
na
na
2%
2%
na
na
2%
2%
2%
na
na
na
na
2%
2%
na
na
2%
2%
na
na
2%
2%
na
na
na
na
na
na
2%
na
2%

<<<<<<<<<<<<<<«<<<<<«<«<«<<<<<<<<<«<«<<<

54.
55.
56.
357.

58.

59.
60.
61.
62.
63.

65.
66.
67.
68.
69.
70.
71.
72.
73.
74.
75.
76.
77.

78.

79.
80.

81

82.
83.
84.
85.
86.

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLI

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLA

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLS

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLI
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL C
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLA

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLI

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL C

JANUS OVERSEAS FD R

JANUS FUND CL S

JANUS FUND CLA

JANUS FUND CLR

JANUS GLOBAL MARKET NEUTRAL FD CLR
JANUS GLOBAL MARKET NEUTRAL CLA
JANUS GLOBAL MARKET NEUTRAL FD CL S
JANUS GLOBAL MARKET NEUTRAL FD CL C
JANUS GLOBAL MARKET NEUTRAL FD CLI
JANUS GLOBAL MARKET NEUTRAL FD CL T
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD R

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLR

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL S

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLA

JANUS WORLD ALLOCATION FD CL!

JANUS WORLD ALLOCATION FD CLS

JANUS WORLDALLOCATION FD CLC

JANUS WORLD ALLOCATION FD CLA

JANUS WORLD ALLOCATION FD CL T

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL |

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLA

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLS

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLA

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLC

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLR

JRMCX
JRSAX
JIGRX
JIIEX
JCIEX
JDIAX
JIGFX
JIGCX
JDIRX
JGORX
JDGAX
JDGRX
JRLSX
JALSX
JSLSX
JCLSX
JLSIX
JLSTX
JDPRX
JDMRX
JGRTX
JDMAX
JIMPX
JSMPX
JCMPX
JAMPX
JAMTX
JMVAX
JDPAX
JORIX
JORAX
JORCX
JORRX

471030308
47103A732
47103C449
47103A534
47103A542
47103C480
471030464
471030472
471030456
47103C662
471030712
47103C670
47103A393
47103A435
47103A385
47103A427
47103A419
47103A377
471030233
471030787
471030779
471030829
47103A344
47103A336
47103A351
47103A369
47103A328
47103C241
47103C266
471030498
47103C548
47103C530
471030514

0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.10%
1.00%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.75%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.10%
0.35%
0.75%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%

90 days
na
90 days
90 days
na
na
90 days
na
90 days
na
na
na
90 days
na
90 days
na
90 days
90 days
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
90 days
na
na
90 days

2%
na
2%
2%
na
na
2%
na
2%
na
na
na
2%
na
2%
na
2%
2%
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
2%
na
na
2%

q<<4<44«% «6K KK KKK KKK KK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK

87.
88.
89.
90.
Ol.
92.
93.
94.
95.
96.
97.
98.
99,

100.
101.

102.

103.

105.
106.
107.
108.
109.
110.
111.
112.
113.
114.
115.
116.
117.

118.

119.

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLA
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLR
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL S
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLI
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL S
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLA
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL T

JANUS RESEARCH FD CLA

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL C

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL S

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL!

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLA

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL C

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLS

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLI

JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CL A
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CLC
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CL S
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CL |
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CLA
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CL C
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CLS
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CL!
JANUS CONSERVATIVE ALLOCATION FD CLA
JANUS CONSERVATIVE ALLOCATION FD CLC
JANUS CONSERVATIVE ALLOCATION FD CLS
JANUS CONSERVATIVE ALLOCATION FD CL 1
JANUS TRITON FD CLA

JANUS TRITON FD CLC

JANUS TRITON FD CL R

JANUS WORLDW IDE FD CLI

JCSCX
JDSAX
JDSRX
JISCX
JAPIX
JAPSX
JAPCX
JAPAX
JPLTX
JRAAX
JRACX
JRASX
JRAIX
JSHAX
JSHCX
JSHSX
JSHIX
JGCAX
JGCCX
JGCSX
JGCIX
JMOAX
JMOCX
JMOSX
JMOIX
JCAAX
JCACX
JCASX
JCAIX
JGMAX
JGMCX
JGMRX
JWWFX

471030191
471030217
471030175
471030167
47103A286
47103A278
47103A294
47103A310
47103A260
471023317
471023291

471023275
471023283
471023267
471023259
471023234
471023242
47103A500
47103A609
47103A807
47103A708
47103A880
47103A872
47103A856
47103A864
47103A104
47103A203
47103A401
47103A302
47103C373
47103C365
47103C340
471030290

1.00%
0.35%
0.75%
0.50%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
0.10%

0.00%
0.10%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%

na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
Na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
90 days

na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
Na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
2%

<< KK KKK KKK KKK KK KK KKK KK KKK KKK KKK KX

120.

121.
122.
123.
124.
125.
126.
127.
128.

129.

130.

131

132.
133.
134,
135.
136.
137.
138.
139,

140.

141.
142.
143.

145.
146.
147.
148.
149.
150.
151.
152.

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CLA

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CL S

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CLR

JANUS FUND CL C

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL C

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLI

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLS
JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CL C

JANUS BALANCED FD CL T

JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL T

JANUS RESEACH CORE FD CL T
JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL T

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL T
JANUS FUND CL T

JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL T
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL T
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL T
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL T
JANUS GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FD CL T
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL T
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL T

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLA

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLS

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CLA
INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL C
INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CLS
INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL T
INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLT

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLL
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL T
JANUS MONEY MARKET FD CL T
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CL T

JDWAX
JWGRX
JDWRX
JGOCX
JGRCX
JMGRX
JMVCX
JMVIX
JWWCX
JABAX
JSVAX
JAEIX
JAENX
JAFIX
JANSX
JAGLX
JGVAX
JARFX
JAGTX
JAGXX
JAGIX
JAHYX
JDOAX
JLCIX
JDRAX
JCGCX
JCGIX
JDRTX
JRMSX
JMIVX
JMCVX
JAMXX
JORNX

471030324
47103C274
47103C282
47103C696
47103C811
471030795
471030258
471030225
47103C316
471023879
471023655
471023747
471023804
471023606
471023101

471023671

471023622
471023531

471023663
471023820
471023200
471023762
471030100
47103C407
47103A849
47103A831
47103A815
47103A799
471023556
471023580
471023598
471023838
471023648

14

x «x «MK KKK KK OK

Pad

0.35%
0.50%
0.75%
1.00%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
nla
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

na
90 days
90 days
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
90 days
90 days
90 days
90 days
na
na
90 days
na
90 days
na
na
90 days
90 days
90 days
na
na
na
90 days

na
2%
2%
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
2%
2%
2%
2%
na
na
2%
na
2%
na
na
2%
2%
2%
na
na
na
2%

za<< «KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK

153.
154.
155.
156.

158.
159.

161.
162.
163.

165.
166.
167.
168.
169.
170.

171

172.
173.
174,
175.
176.
177.

178.

179.
180.
181.
182.
183.
184.

185,

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL T

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL T

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL T
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLL
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL T
JANUS CONSERVTVE ALLOCATION FD CL T
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CL T
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CL T
JANUS TRITON FD CL T

JANUS TWENTY FD CLT

JANUS VENTURE FD CL T

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CL T

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLI

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL |!

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLI

JANUS FUND CL I

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLI
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL |!
JANUS TRITON FD CLI

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FDCL S

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL C

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CLA

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL T

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CL S

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CL C

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CL T

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLS
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL A
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLR
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL T
JANUS TRITON FD CLS

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLI
JANUS VENTURE FUND CL |

JAOSX
JAMRX
JASBX
JSIVX
JSCVX
JSPCX
JSPGX
JSPMX
JATTX
JAVLX
JAVTX
JAWWX
JSHYFX
JMIIX
JRSIX
JGROX
JORFX
JSCOX
JSMGX
JMISX
JMICX
JMIAX
JRMTX
JRSSX
JRSCX
JRSTX
JSIEX
JAIEX
JRIEX
JAITX
JGMIX
JPVIX
JVTIX

471023846
471023853
471023887
471023564
471023572
471023499
471023523
471023515
471023549
471023408
471023507
471023309
471030571
47103A765
47103A716
47103C688
47103C522
471030183
471030357
47103A757
47103A773
47103A781
47103A740
47103A690
47103A724
47103A682
47103A450
47102A559
47103A526
471034492
47103C332
47103E585
47103E395

x «x «KX

0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
nla
0.35%
n/a
nla
na
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.35%
0.50%
0.10%
0.10%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

90 days
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na

90 days

90 days

90 days

90 days
na

90 days
na
na

90 days
na
na

90 days

90 days
na

90 days

90 days
na

90 days

90 days
na
na
na

2%
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na

2%

2%

2%

2%
na

2%
na
na
2%
na
na

2%

2%
na
2%
2%
na
2%

2%
na
na
na

<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<«<<«<<«<<<

<<<<<«<<<<<

186.
187.

188.
189.
190.
191.
192.
193.
194.

195.
196.
197.
198.
199.
200.
201.
202.
203.
204.
205.
206.

207.
208.
209.

210.

211.
212.
213.
214.
215.
216.
217.

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FUND CL |

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FUND CLI
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FUND CL
1

JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CLI
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FUND CLI

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLA
JANUS VENTURE FUND CLA

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL A

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLA
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FUND CL
A

JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CLA
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FUND CLA

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL C
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL C
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL C

JANUS PROTECTED GROWTH FUND CL C
JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CL C
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FUND CLC

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL T
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL T

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL T
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FUND CL
T

JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CL T
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FUND CLS

JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CLS
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FUND CL
Ss

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL S
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL S

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL S
PERKINS SELECT VALUE CLA

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL CL A
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND CLA

JMFIX
JGBIX

JPGIX
JURIX
JAQIX
JPVAX

JMFAX
JGBAX

JPGAX
JURAX
JAQAX
JPVCX
JMFCX
JGBCX
JPTCX
JURCX
JAQCX
JPVTX

JMFTX
JHBTX

JPGTX
JURTX
JAQSX
JURSX

JPTSX
JMFSX
JGBSX
JPVSX
JVSAX
JGSAX
JGDAX

47103E528
47103E452

47103A153
47103A229
47103E346
47103E627
47103E429
47103E551
47103E486

47103A187
47103A252
47103E379
47103E619
47103E544
47103E478
47103A179
47103A245
47103E361
47103E569
47103E494
47103E437

47103A138
47103A211
47103E338
47103A237

47103A416
47103E510
47103E445
47103E577
47103E239
47103E312
471030159

16

x «x KKK

x KKK KK

0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
0.50%

0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

90 days
na

na
na

90 days
na
na
na
na

na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na

90 days
na

na
na

90 days
na

na

90 days
na
na
na
na
na

2%
na

na
na
2%
na
na
na
na

na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
na
2%
na

na
na
2%
na

na
2%
na
na
na
na
na

<<< e4 «KKK KKK KOK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KX

The following funds were added after the effective date of the Amendment and have been included to provide an up to date fund listing as of January 5, 2012.
Janus Venture Fund Classes A & I were added to the platform on 10/20/11

Janus Asia Equity Fund Classes A, C, S, & I were added to the platform on 8/5/11

Janus Protected Series - Growth Fund Classes A, C, S, T & I were added to the platform on 4/19/11

The following funds were added prior to the effective date of the Amendment and were not previously represented on Exhibit C:
Janus Global Bond Fund Classes A, C, S, T, & I were added to the platform on 1/6/11.

Janus Emerging Markets Fund Classes A, C, S, T, & I were added to the platform on 1/6/11.

Perkins Value Plus Income Fund Classes A, C, S, T & I were added to the platform on 8/11/10.

Janus Global Technology Fund Class C was added to the platform on 7/16/09.

For purposes of fund availability to the Brokerage Channels, the parties acknowledge and agree that the term “investment adviser” or “adviser” is intended to
include registered investment advisers, third party administrators, banks, trust departments, and family office clients. If a fund is designated as “NTF to Advisers
Only” on this Exhibit C, the fund may be made available under the No Transaction Fee Fund Program to Correspondents for managed accounts. Fund/Agent
acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make Class I shares of funds available to family office clients unless Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary.
Fund/Agent further acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make fund shares available on a load-waived basis to accounts maintained for employee benefit plans
and fee-based accounts maintained through investment advisers unless the Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary.

17

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, effective as of May 31, 2012 is by and among National Financial
Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Company, Inc. (“FILOC”), Janus Distributors LLC (“Distributor’”’) and Janus Services LLC
(“Janus Services”). Distributor and Janus Services shall be collectively referred to as “Fund/Agent”;

WITNESSETH:
WHEREAS, NFS, FBS, FIIOC, and Fund/Agent entered into a Services Agreement dated
April 1, 2009 (the “Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative services provided to beneficial

owners of shares of mutual funds or other investment products set forth in the Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the relevant
sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Restating in its entirety Exhibit C as attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this amendment as of the date first
written above.

 

 

Janus Distributors LLC National Financia

  

By:

Name: .
Title: Vice President

Date: 2 hiafi2

Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Company, Inc.

 

 

Janus Services LLC

  
 
 

By:

Title: _Sr. Vice President _

 

 

 

 

 

 

EXHIBIT C, as amended, effective May 31, 2012

     
   
  

Fund Information

 
  
    

Participation
No Transaction Fee
FD Program

  
  

    
 
  

FIIOC Channel | Apply

 
   
  
    

   
   
  

   
    
    
 
   

  
   
  

Redemption FIIOC
NTF toall | NTF to (applic Fee Frequent
Brokerage | Advisers able to (minimum Policy,
Channels only Broker hold/ fee
age rate)

Legal FD Name

1 INTECH U.S. CORE FD CL C JLCCX 471030209 1.00% 0.00% NA NA Y
2. INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CLI JRMGX = 47103A823 0.10% 0.10% NA NA Y
3 JANUS BALANCED FD CLA JDBAX  47103C506 0.35% 0.10% NA NA Y
4 JANUS BALANCED FD CL | JBALX — 47103C704 0.10% 0.10% NA NA Y
5. JANUS BALANCED FD CL S JABRX  47103C886 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA Y
6. JANUS BALANCED FD CL C JABCX  47103C605 1.00% 0.00% NA NA Y
7. JANUS BALANCED FD CLR JDBRX  47103C803 0.75% 0.15% NA NA Y
8 JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLR JCNRX 471030845 x 0.75% 0.15% NA NA Y
9. JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLA JCNAX  47103C878 0.35% 0.10% NA NA Y
10, JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL C JCNCX  47103C860 1.00% 0.00% NA NA Y
i JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL S JCNIX 47103C837 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA Y
12. JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL! JCONX 471030852 0.10% 0.10% NA NA Y
13. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL! JFLEX  47103C746 0.10% 0.10% NA NA Y
14. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLS JADFX 471030720 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA Y
1s. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLA JDFAX  47103C761 0.35% 0.10% NA NA Y
16. | JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL C JFICX 47103C753 1.00% 0.00% NA NA Y
17. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLR JDFRX 471030738 0.75% 0.15% NA NA Y
18. JANUS FORTY FD CLC JACCX  47103A666 1.00% 0.00% NA NA Y
19, JANUS FORTY FD CLS JARTX — 47103A633 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA Y
20. JANUS FORTY FD CL! JCAPX  47103A658 0.10% 0.10% NA NA Y
21 JANUS FORTY FD CLR JDCRX  47103A641 x 0.75% 0.15% NA NA Y
22, JANUS FORTY FD CLA JDCAX  47103A674 0.35% 0.10% NA NA Y
23. JANUS FORTY FD CL T JACTX 47103A625 0.35% 0.00% NA NA Y
24. | JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLI JERIX 47103A583 0.10% 0.10% NA NA Y
25. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLS JERSX  47103A575 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA Y
26. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLC JERCX  47103A591 1.00% 0.00% NA NA Y
27. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FDCLA JERAX  47103A617 0.35% 0.10% NA NA Y
28. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLT JERTX  47103A567 . 0.35% 0.00% NA NA Y
29. JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLI JRGIX 471023374 0:10% 0.10% NA NA Y
30, | JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL S JRGSX 471023366 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA Y
31 JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL C JRGCX 471023382 1.00% 0.00% NA NA Y
32. JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLA JRGAX 471023390 0.35% 0.10% NA NA Y
33, JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLA JATAX 471023358 0.35% 0.10% NA NA Y
34. | JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL C JATCX 471023341 1.00% 0.00% NA NA Y
35. | JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLI JATIX 471023333 0.10% 0.10% NA NA Y
36. | JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL S JATSX = 471023325 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA Y
37, JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLA JFNAX 471023481 0.35% 0.10% NA NA Y
38. JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL C JFNCX 471023473 1.00% 0.00% NA NA Y
39. JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL JFNIX 471023457 0.10% 0.10% NA NA Y
40. JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLS JFNSX = 471023473 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA Y
41 PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLA JPPAX 471023440 0.35% 0.10% NA NA Y
42. PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLC JPPCX 471023432 1.00% 0.00% NA NA Y
43. PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL! JPPIX 471023424 0.10% 0.10% NA NA Y
44, PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL S JPPSX 471023416 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA Y
45, JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL! JGINX 47103C639 0.10% 0.10% NA NA Y

2

46.
47.
48.
49.
50,
51
52
53.
54
55
56.
57
58
59,
60.
61
62.
63.

65.

67
68
69.
70.
a
72
2B
14
75.
76.
77.
78
79.
80.
81
82
83
84,
85
86.
87.
88.
89,

ol.
92.
93,
94.
95.
96.
97.
98.
99.
100.

JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL C
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL A
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLR
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL S
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLA

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLS

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLC

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLR

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLI

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLA

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLS

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL |
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL C
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLA

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLI

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL C

JANUS OVERSEAS FD R

JANUS FUND CL S

JANUS FUND CLA

JANUS FUND CLR

JANUS GLOBAL MARKET NEUTRAL FD CLR
JANUS GLOBAL MARKET NEUTRAL CL A
JANUS GLOBAL MARKET NEUTRAL FD CL S
JANUS GLOBAL MARKET NEUTRAL FD CL C
JANUS GLOBAL MARKET NEUTRAL FD CL |
JANUS GLOBAL MARKET NEUTRAL FD CL T
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD R

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLR

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL S

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLA

JANUS WORLD ALLOCATION FD CLI

JANUS WORLD ALLOCATION FD CLS

JANUS WORLDALLOCATION FD CL C

JANUS WORLD ALLOCATION FD CLA

JANUS WORLD ALLOCATION FD CL T
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLI
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLS

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLA

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLC

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLR
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLA
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLR
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL S
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLI
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL S
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLA
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL T
JANUS RESEARCH FD CL A

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL C

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL S

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL!

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLA

JGICX
JDNAX
JDNRX
JADGX
JHYAX
JDHYX
JDHCX
JHYRX
JRMCX
JRSAX
JIGRX
JIIEX
JCIEX
JDIAX
JIGFX
JIGCX
JDIRX
JGORX
JDGAX
JDGRX
JRLSX
JALSX
JSLSX
JCLSX
JLSIX
JLSTX
JDPRX
JDMRX
JGRTX
JDMAX
JIMPX
JSMPX
JCMPX
JAMPX
JAMTX
JMVAX
JDPAX
JORIX
JORAX
JORCX
JORRX
JCscx
JDSAX
JDSRX
JISCX
JAPIX
JAPSX
JAPCX
JAPAX
JPLTX
JRAAX
JRACX
JRASX
JRAIX
JSHAX

471030647
47103C654
47103C621
471030613
47103C597
47103C555
47103C589
47103C563
47103C308
47103A732
471030449
47103A534
47103A542
47103C480
471030464
471030472
47103C456
47103C662
471030712
47103C670
47103A393
47103A435
47103A385
471034427
47103A419
47103A377
471030233
471030787
47103C779
47103C829
47103A344
47103A336
471034351
47103A369
47103A328
471030241
47103C266
471030498
471030548
47103C530
471030514
471030191
47103C217
471030175
471030167
47103A286
471034278
47103A294
47103A310
47103A260
471023317
471023291

471023275
471023283
471023267

3

x

1.00%
0.35%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.75%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.10%
1.00%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.75%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.10%
0.35%
0.75%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
1.00%
0.35%
0.75%
0.50%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%

0.00%
0.10%
0. 15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.00%
0.10%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

NA

NA
NA

SSEE

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA

SZSSSSESESESSSSES

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SSSSSESSSES

NA

NA
NA

Z22Z22Z2222222222222
>PrrrPrrPrrrerrrrrP

SSSSSSES

2z
>>

SSSSSESESESESS

SESE

SSSSSSSESESE

“<<«<««<««<«<«««<«<«<«<«<«<«<«<<<««<«<«<««<<«««<«<«<«<<<<«<<<«<<<<«<<«<<«<«<«<<

101
102.
103.
104
105.
106.
107.
108.
109.

110.

11

112.

113,
114.
1S.

116.

117
118.

119.

120.
121

122.

123.
124.
125,
126
127
128
129.

130.

131
132.

133,

134.
135
136.
137.
138.
139.
140
141
142.
143.
144
145,
146.
147.
148.
149
150.
151
152
153.
154
155.

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL C
JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLS
JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLI
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CLA
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CL C
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CLS
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CLI
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CLA
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CL C
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CL S
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CL!
JANUS CONSERVATIVE ALLOCATION FD CLA
JANUS CONSERVATIVE ALLOCATION FD CL C
JANUS CONSERVATIVE ALLOCATION FD CL S
JANUS CONSERVATIVE ALLOCATION FD CL |
JANUS TRITON FD CLA

JANUS TRITON FD CL C

JANUS TRITON FD CLR

JANUS WORLDW IDE FD CL 1

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CL A

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CL S

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CLR

JANUS FUND CL C

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL C

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL!

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLS
JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CL C

JANUS BALANCED FD CL T

JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL T

JANUS RESEACH CORE FD CL T

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL T

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL T

JANUS FUND CL T

JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL T
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLT

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL T
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL T
JANUS GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FD CL T
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL T
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL T

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLA

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLS

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CLA

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CLC

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL S

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL T

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CL T

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLL
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL T

JANUS MONEY MARKET FD CL T

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLT

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL T

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL T

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL T

JSHCX
JSHSX
JSHIX
JGCAX
JGCCX
JGCSX
JGCIX
JMOAX
JMOCX
JMOSX
JMOIX
JCAAX
JCACX
JCASX
JCAIX
JGMAX
JGMCX
JGMRX
JVWWFX
JDWAX
JWGRX
JDWRX
JGOCX
JGRCX
JMGRX
JMVCX
JMVIX
JWWCX
JABAX
JSVAX
JAEIX
JAENX
JAFIX
JANSX
JAGLX
IJGVAX
JARFX
JAGTX
JAGXX
JAGIX
JAHYX
JDOAX
JLCIX
JDRAX
JCGCX
JSCGIX
JDRTX
JRMSX
JMIVX
JMCVX
JAMXX
JORNX
JAOSX
JAMRX
JASBX

471023259
471023234
471023242
47103A500
47103A609
47103A807
47103A708
47103A880
47103A872
47103A856
47103A864
47103A104
47103A203
47103A401
47103A302
47103C373
47103C365
471030340
47103C290
471030324
471030274
471030282
47103C696
47103C811
47103C795
47103C258
471030225
47103C316
471023879
471023655
471023747
471023804
471023606
471023101
471023671
471023622
471023531
471023663
471023820
471023200
471023762
47103C100
47103C407
47103A849
47103A831
47103A815
47103A799
471023556
471023580
471023598
471023838
471023648
471023846
471023853
471023887

4

x «x KKK KK KK OK

x

x «KK OK

1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.75%
1.00%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
nla
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SSEEE

NA

ZESESES

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SESSSESE

NA

SEs

NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA

SEESS

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA

SESE

NA
NA

ESSSSSESS

NA
NA
NA
NA

EESSEE

NA

<<<«< <4 KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK KKK <<

156.
157.

158.

159.
160.
161
162.
163.
164.
165.
166.
167.
168.
169.
170.

171.
172.

173,
174.

175.

176.
177.
178.

179.

180.

181.
182.

183,
184,
185.

186.

187,

188
189.

190.

191
192.
193,
194,

195.
196.
197.
198.

199.
200.

201
202.
203
204.
205
206.
207

208.

209.

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLL
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL T
JANUS CONSERVTVE ALLOCATION FD CL T
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CL T
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CL T
JANUS TRITON FD CL T

JANUS TWENTY FD CL T

JANUS VENTURE FD CL T

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CL T

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL!

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CLI
INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CL!

JANUS FUND CLI

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLI
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLI
JANUS TRITON FD CL |

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FOCL S

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CLC

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL A

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL T

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLS

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLC

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CL T

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLS
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLA
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLR
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL T
JANUS TRITON FD CL S

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLI
JANUS VENTURE FD CLI

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLI

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLI
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FUND CL
|

JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CLI
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLI

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLA
JANUS VENTURE FD CLA

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLA

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLA
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FUND CL
A

JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CLA
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLA

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL C
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL C
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL C

JANUS PROTECTED GROWTH FD CLC
JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CLC
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLC

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL T
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL T
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL T

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FD CLT
JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CL T
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLS

JSIVX
JSCVX
JSPCX
JSPGX
JSPMX
JATTX
JAVLX
JAVTX
JAWWKX
JHYFX
JMIIX
JRSIX
JGROX
JORFX
JSCOX
JSMGX
JMISX
JMICX
JMIAX
JRMTX
JRSSX
JRSCX
JRSTX
JSIEX
JAIEX
JRIEX
JAITX
JGMIX
JPVIX
SVTIX
IMFIX
JGBIX

JPGIX
JURIX
JAQIX
JPVAX

JMFAX
JGBAX

JIPGAX
JURAX
JAQAX
JPVCX
JMFCX
JGBCX
JPTCX
JURCX
JAQCX
JPVTX
JMFTX
JHBTX
JPGTX
JURTX
JAQSX

471023564
471023572
471023499
471023523
471023515
471023549
471023408
471023507
471023309
471030571
47103A765
47103A716
47103C688
471030522
471030183
471030357
47103A757
47103A773
47103A781
47103A740
47103A690
47103A724
4T103A682
47103A450
47102A559
47103A526
47103A492
471030332
47103E585
47103E395
47103E528
47103E452

47103A153
47103A229
47103E346
47103E627
47103E429
47103E551
47103E486

47103A187
47103A252
47103E379
47103E619
47103E544
47103E478
47103A179
47103A245
47103E361
47103E569
47103E494
47103E437
47103A138
47103A211
47103E338

5

x KK KK

x x KK OK

nla
0.35%
nla
na
nla
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.35%
0.50%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA

SSSSESSSSSE

NA

NA
NA
NA

NA

NA

NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SEES

SESSSSEES

z
S

SSSSSSS SEFSTESESESESESESEES

ESESSESESSESESSESS

<<<<<<<<<<<<«<<< <«<««<<<<<« <«<««<«<««<<<«<«<<<<<<<<<<<«<<<<<<<«<<<«<<«<

210.
211
212,

213.
214,
215.

216.

217.

218.

219.
220.

221

222.

223.
224.
225.
226.
227,
228.

230.
231
232.

233.

234.
235.
236.

237.
238.

239.
240.
241

242.

243.
244

245.

246,
247,

JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CL S
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FD CLS
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLS

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL S

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL S
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLA

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES — GLOBAL CLA
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL A

JANUS BALANCED FD CLIN

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLN

JANUS FORTY FD CLN

JANUS FUND CLIN

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL N

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL N

PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL N
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLN

JANUS VENTURE FD CLIN

JANUS TRITON FD CLN

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL N

JANUS RESEARCH FD CLIN

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLIN

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLN
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLI
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLA
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL!

INTECH GLBOAL DIVIDEND FD CL C

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLI

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL C

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL FD CL |
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL FD CL C
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FD CLS
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLS
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL S

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLS

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL FD CL S
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL T

INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL T

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL FD CL T

JURSX
JPTSX
JMFSX
JGBSX
JPVSX
JVSAX
JGSAX
JGDAX
JABNX
JDFNX
JFRNX
JDGNX
JDSNX
JDPNX
JPLNX
JPPNX
JSVTNX
JGMNX
JSHNX
JRANX
JDINX
JNIEX
JFNIX
JAIEX
JGDIX
JGDCX
JVSIX
JVSCX
JGSIX
JGGCX
JPTSX
JSIEX
JGDSX
JSVSX
JGSSX
JSVTX
JDGTX
JGSTX

47103A237
47103A416
47103E510
47103E445
47103E577
47103E239
47103E312
471030159
47103D108
47103D504
47103D603
47103D702
47103D728
47103D744
47103D751
47103D769
47103D785
47103D793
47103D819
47103D827
47103D835
47103D843
471023465
47103A559
471030126
471030142
47103E197
47103E221
47103E270
47103E296
47103A146
47103A518
471030118
47103E189
47103E262
47103E171
47103E247
47103E254

Xx
x
x

x KK KK

x KKK OK

0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.35%
0.10%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

For purposes of fund availability to the Brokerage Channels, the parties acknowledge and agree that the term “investment
adviser” or “adviser” is intended to include registered investment advisers, third party administrators, banks, trust departments,
and family office clients. If a fund is designated as “NTF to Advisers Only” on this Exhibit C, the fund may be made available

under the No Transaction Fee Fund Program to Correspondents for managed accounts. Fund/Agent acknowledges and agrees
that FBS will make Class I shares of funds available to family office clients unless Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary.
Fund/Agent further acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make fund shares available on a load-waived basis to accounts
maintained for employee benefit plans and fee-based accounts maintained through investment advisers unless the Fund/Agent

notifies FBS to the contrary.

SESESESES

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA

x<<<<<<<<<<«<«<<<<<<<<«<«<«<«<x<«<«<<x<<«<<<«<«<«<«<«<<«<<

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, effective as of the first day of January, 2013, is by and among
National Financial Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity
Investments Institutional Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), Janus Distributors LLC
(“Distributor”) and Janus Services LLC (“Janus Services”). Distributor and Janus Services shall
be collectively referred to as “Fund/Agent” herein.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, NFS, FBS, FIIOC, and Fund/Agent entered into a Services Agreement dated
April 1, 2009 (the “Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative services provided to
beneficial owners of shares of mutual funds or other investment products set forth in the
Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the
relevant sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Restating in its entirety Article Two Section XIV “Frequent Trading Policy” as
follows:

XIV. Frequent Trading Policy

Fund/Agent directs FIIOC to monitor, and where appropriate restrict, the frequency of
transactions in the Funds executed by participants in the FIIOC Plans. Fund/Agent represents
that it has received and reviewed the document entitled “Frequent Trading Policy” and
Fund/Agent directs FIIOC to monitor, and where appropriate restrict, participant transactions in
accordance with the Frequent Trading Policy. Fund/Agent further represents that FIIOC’s
actions, in monitoring and restricting the ability of participants to effect transactions in the Funds
in accordance with the Frequent Trading Policy, are not inconsistent with the terms and
conditions of the Prospectus of the Frequent Trading Policy Funds. Each party acknowledges
that the Frequent Trading Policy may be amended from time to time upon provision of written
notice from FIIOC and further, that the indemnities available in Article Three of this Agreement
apply to the failure to satisfy any obligation hereunder, or the breach of any warranty or
representation made herein.

(2) Restating in its entirety Exhibit C as attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this amendment as of the date first

written above.

 

Janus Distributors LLC

 

National Financial Services LLC
Member NYSE, SIPC

 

 

    
 

By:
Name: £ . Name:
Title: Senior ce Proc Title:
——

 

 

Date: —Oorsnoattag \S ,2o.%

 

bee afrfa

 

  

Janus Services a
By: yn)

 
 

Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Company, Inc.

 

 

 

 

——

Fidelity Brokerage Ser#
Member NYSE, SIPC,

   

 

 

nN

  

EXHIBIT C

No Transaction Fee FIIOC RFN FIIOC Channel
FD Program Channel Fee Redemption

 

NTF to all Asset (applicable Fee

Brokerage Based to (minimum

Channels Fee Brokerage hold/ fee

Channel Tate)
Legal FD Name Ticker CUSIP Onl:

1 INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLC JLOCX 471030209 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
2 INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL! JRMGX = 47103A823 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
3. JANUS BALANCED FD CLA JDBAX 47103C506 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
4 JANUS BALANCED FD CL | JBALX 471030704 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
5. JANUS BALANCED FD CLS JABRX  47103C886 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
6. JANUS BALANCED FD CL C JABCX  47103C605 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
7, JANUS BALANCED FD CLR JDBRX  47103C803 0.75% 0.15% NA NA
8 JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLR JCNRX 471030845 x 0.75% 0.15% NA NA
9 JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLA JCNAX  47103C878 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
10, JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL C JCNCX  47103C860 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
11. JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL S JCNIX — 47103C837 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
12, JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL | JCONX  47103C852 . 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
13. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLI JFLEX = 47103C746 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
14 JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL S JADFX 471030720 Xx 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
15. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLA JDFAX 47103C761 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
16. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL C JFICX 47103C753 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
17. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLR JDFRX 471030738 0.75% 0.15% NA NA
18. JANUS FORTY FD CLC JACCX  47103A666 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
19 JANUS FORTY FD CLS JARTX 47103A633 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
20. JANUS FORTY FD CL! JCAPX  47103A658 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
21 JANUS FORTY FD CLR JDCRX  47103A641 x 0.75% 0.15% NA NA
22 JANUS FORTY FD CLA JDCAX 47103A674 . 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
23. JANUS FORTY FD CLT JACTX  47103A625 0.35% 0.00% NA NA
24. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CL! JERIX 47103A583 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
25. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLS JERSX = 47103A575 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
26. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLC JERCX  47103A591 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
27. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLA JERAX  47103A617 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
28. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLT JERTX — 47103A567 0.35% 0.00% NA NA
29. JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLI JRGIX 471023374 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
30. JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLS JRGSX 471023366 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
31 | JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLC JRGCX 471023382 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
32. JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLA JRGAX 471023390 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
33. | JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLA JATAX = 471023358 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
34. JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL C JAGCX 471023341 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
35. | JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL! JATIX 471023333 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
36. JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLS JATSX 471023325 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
37 JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLA JFNAX 471023481 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
38. | JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL C JFNCX 471023473 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
39. | JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL | JFNIX 471023465 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
40. JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLS JFNSX 471023457 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
41. PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLA JPPAX 471023440 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
42, PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLC JPPCX 471023432 1.00% 0.00% NA NA

PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL!
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLS
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLI
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL C
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLA
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL R
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL S
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLA

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLS

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL C

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLR

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLI

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLA

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLS

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLI
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL C
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLA

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL |

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL C

JANUS OVERSEAS FDR

JANUS FUND CL S

JANUS FUND CLA

JANUS FUND CLR

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD R

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL R

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL S

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL A

JANUS WORLD ALLOCATION FD CLI

JANUS WORLD ALLOCATION FD CLS

JANUS WORLDALLOCATION FD CL C

JANUS WORLD ALLOCATION FD CLA

JANUS WORLD ALLOCATION FD CLT
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLI
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLS
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLC
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLR
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLA
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL R
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL S
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL |
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL S
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLA
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL T
JANUS RESEARCH FD CLA

JANUS RESEARCH FD CLC

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL S

JPPIX
JPPSX
JGINX
JGICX
JDNAX
JONRX
JADGX
JHYAX
JDHYX
JDHCX
JHYRX
JRMCX
JRSAX
JIGRX
JUEX
JCIEX
JDIAX
JIGFX
JIGCX
JDIRX
JGORX
JOGAX
JDGRX
JDPRX
JDMRX
JGRTX
JDMAX
JIMPX
JSMPX
JCMPX
JAMPX
JAMTX
JMVAX
JDPAX
JORIX
JORAX
JORCX
JORRX
JCSCX
JDSAX
JDSRX
JISCX
JAPIX
JAPSX
JAPCX
JAPAX
JPLTX
JRAAX
JRACX
JRASX

471023424
471023416
47103C639
47103C647
471030654
47103C621
471030613
47103C597
47103C555
47103C589
47103C563
47103C308
47103A732
471030449
47103A534
47103A542
47103C480
471030464
47103C472
47103C456
47103C662
471030712
47103C670
47103C233
471030787
47103C779
47103C829
47103A344
47103A336
47103A351

47103A369
47103A328
47103C241
47103C266
471030498
47103C548
47103C530
47103C514
47103C191
471030217
471030175
47103C167
47103A286
47103A278
47103A294
47103A310
47103A260
471023317

471023291

471023275

x x

xx RK

0.10%
0.50%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.75%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.10%
1.00%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.75%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
1.00%
0.35%
0.75%
0.50%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0. 15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.15%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.00%
0.10%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

ESSE

NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SESE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

93.
94.
95.
96.
97,
98,
99.
100.
10)
102.
103.
104
105,

106.

107.
108,
109.
110.
i
112
113
114.
115.
116.
117.
118.

119.

120.

121.

122.
123.
124
125,
126
127
128,
129.
130.
131

132.
133.
134.
135
136.
137
138.
139
140.
141

142.

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL!

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLA

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL C

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLS

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL!

JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CLA
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CL C
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CL S
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CL!
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CLA
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CL C
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CL S
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CLI
JANUS CONSERVATIVE ALLOCATION FD CLA
JANUS CONSERVATIVE ALLOCATION FD CL C
JANUS CONSERVATIVE ALLOCATION FD CL S
JANUS CONSERVATIVE ALLOCATION FD CL!
JANUS TRITON FD CLA

JANUS TRITON FD CL C

JANUS TRITON FD CLR

JANUS WORLDW IDE FD CLI

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CLA

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CL S

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CLR

JANUS FUND CL C

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL C

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL I

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL C

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLS

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CL C

JANUS BALANCED FD CL T

JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL T

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL T

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL T

JANUS FUND CL T

JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL T
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL T

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLT

JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLT
JANUS GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FD CL T
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL T
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL T

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLA

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLS

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CLA

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL C

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CLS

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL T

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CL T

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLL

JRAIX
JSHAX
JSHCX
JSHSX
JSHIX
JGCAX
JGCCX
JGCSX
JGCIX
JMOAX
JMOCX
JMOSX
JMOIX
JCAAX
JCACX
JCASX
JCAIX
JGMAX
JGMCX
JGMRX
JWWFX
JDWAX
JWGRX
JDWRX
JGOCX
JGRCX
JMGRX
JMVCX
JMVIX
JWWCX
JABAX
JSSVAX
JAENX
JAFIX
JANSX
JAGLX
JSGVAX
JARFX
JAGTX
JAGXX
JAGIX
JAHYX
JDOAX
JLCIX
JDRAX
JCGCX
JCGIX
JDRTX
JRMSX
JMIVX

471023283
471023267
471023259
471023234
471023242
47103A500
47103A609
47103A807
47103A708
47103A880
47103A872
47103A856
47103A864
47103A104
47103A203
47103A401
47103A302
471030373
47103C365
471030340
47103C290
471030324
47103C274
47103C282
47103C696
47103C811
471030795
47103C258
47103C225
47103C316
471023879
471023655
471023804
471023606
471023101

471023671

471023622
471023531

471023663
471023820
471023200
471023762
471030100
47103C407
471034849
47103A831
47103A815
47103A799
471023556
471023580

xx KKK KKK OK

Pa

0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.75%
1.00%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
nla

0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SEES

NA
NA

NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SSEE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

143,
144
145.
146.
147
148
149.
150,
151
152,
153.
154,
155.
156,
157
158
159
160.
161
162.
163.
164,

165.

166
167,
168,
169,
170.

171,

172.
173

174,

175
176.
177
178
179
180.

181
182.
183
184,

185.

186.

187.

188,
189.

190.

191

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLT
JANUS MONEY MARKET FD CLT

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CL T

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL T

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL T

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL T
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLL
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL T
JANUS CONSERVTVE ALLOCATION FD CL T
JANUS GROWTH ALLOCATION FD CL T
JANUS MODERATE ALLOCATION FD CL T
JANUS TRITON FD CL T

JANUS TWENTY FD CLT

JANUS VENTURE FD CL T

JANUS WORLDWIDE FD CL T

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLI

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL |
INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLI

JANUS FUND CLI

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CL |
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL |
JANUS TRITON FD CLI

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FOCL S

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL C

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL A

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL T

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CL S

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLC

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLT

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL S
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLA
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLR
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL T
JANUS TRITON FD CLS

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLI
JANUS VENTURE FD CLI

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLI

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLI
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FUND CL
(

JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CL I
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CL!

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLA
JANUS VENTURE FD CLA

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLA

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLA
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FUND CL
A

JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CLA
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLA
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL C

JMCVX
JAMXX
JORNX
JAOSX
JAMRX
JASBX
JSIVX
JSCVX
JSPCX
JSPGX
JSPMX
JATTX
JAVLX
JAVTX
JAWWX
JHYFX
JMIIX
JRSIX
JGROX
JORFX
JSCOX
JSMGX
JMISX
JMICX
JMIAX
JRMTX
JRSSX
JRSCX
JRSTX
JSIEX
JAIEX
JRIEX
JAITX
JGMIX
JPVIX
JVTIX
JMFIX
JGBIX

JPGIX
JURIX
JAQIX
JPVAX

JMFAX
JGBAX

JPGAX
JURAX
JAQAX
JPVCX

471023598
471023838
471023648
471023846
471023853
471023887
471023564
471023572
471023499
471023523
471023515
471023549
471023408
471023507
471023309
47103C571
47103A765
47103A716
47103C688
47103C522
471030183
47103C357
47103A757
47103A773
47103A781
47103A740
47103A690
47103A724
47103A682
47103A450
47102A559
47103A526
47103A492
471030332
47103E585
47103E395
47103E528
47103E452

47103A153
47103A229
47103E346
47103E627
47103E429
47103E551
47103E486

47103A187
47103A252
47103E379
47103E619

x «KK OK

x KKK

0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
nla
0.35%
na
na
na
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.35%
0.50%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

192.
193.
194
195
196
197.
198
199,
200.
201
202
203.
204,
205,
206.
207.
208.
209.
210.
211
212
213
214

215.

216.
217.
218.
219.
220.
221
222.
223,
224.
225

226.

227
228
229.
230.
231
232.
233.
234.
235,
236.

238.
239.
240.

241.

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL C

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL C

JANUS PROTECTED GROWTH FD CLC

JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CL C
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CL C

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL T
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL T

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL T

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FD CLT
JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CL T
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLS

JANUS REAL RETURN ALLOCATION FD CLS
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FD CL S
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL S

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL S

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLS
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLA

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL CLA
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL A

JANUS BALANCED FD CLIN

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLN

JANUS FORTY FD CLN

JANUS FUND CLIN

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL N
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLN

PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLIN
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLN

JANUS VENTURE FD CLIN

JANUS TRITON FD CLIN

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL N

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL.N

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL N

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL N
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLI
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CLI

INTECH GLBOAL DIVIDEND FD CLC

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLI

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL C

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL FD CL!
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL FD CL C
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CLS

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLS

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL FD CL S
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL T

INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL T

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL FD CL T

JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLT
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLS

JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLI
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLC

JMFCX
JGBCX
JPTCX
JURCX
JAQCX
JPVTX
JMFTX
JHBTX
JPGTX
JURTX
JAQSX
JURSX
JPTSX
JMFSX
JGBSX
JPVSX
JVSAX
JGSAX
JGDAX
JABNX
JDFNX
JFRNX
JDGNX
JDSNX
JDPNX
JPLNX
JPPNX
JVTNX
JGMNX
JSHNX
JRANX
JDINX
JNIEX
JFNIX
JGDIX
JGDCX
JVSIX
JVSCX
JGSIX
JGGCX
JGDSX
JSVSX
JGSSX
JSVTX
JDGTX
JGSTX
JDATX
JDASX
JDAIX
JDDCX

47103E544
47103478
47103A179
47103A245
47103E361
47103E569
47103E494
47103E437
47103A138
47103A211
47103E338
47103A237
47103A416
47103E510
47103E445
47103E577
47103E239
47103E312
471030159
471030108
471030504
47103D603
47103D702
47103D728
471030744
47103D751
47103D769
47103D785
47103D793
47103D819
47103D827
47103D835
47103D843
471023465
471030126
471030142
47103E197
47103E221
47103E270
47103E296
471030118
47103E189
47103E262
47103E171
47103E247
47103E254
47103D637
47103D645
47103D660
47103D686

x «x KK OK

x «x KM

x «KK KK K

Pad

1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
0.10%
1.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

ESSE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA

SESE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

ESEE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

NA

242
243
244

245.

JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLA JDDAX  47103D694 0.35%
JANUS ENTERPRISE FUND CLASS N JDMNX  47103D405 0.00%
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FUND CL N JHYNX 47103D850 0.00%
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FUND CL N JDANX  47103D652 0.00%

For purposes of fund availability to the Brokerage Channels, the parties acknowledge and
agree that the term “investment adviser” or “adviser” is intended to include registered
investment advisers, third party administrators, banks, trust departments, and family
office clients. If a fund is designated as “NTF to Advisers Only” on this Exhibit C, the
fund may be made available under the No Transaction Fee Fund Program to
Correspondents for managed accounts. Fund/Agent acknowledges and agrees that FBS
will make Class I shares of funds available to family office clients unless Fund/Agent
notifies FBS to the contrary. Fund/Agent further acknowledges and agrees that FBS will
make fund shares available on a load-waived basis to accounts maintained for employee
benefit plans and fee-based accounts maintained through investment advisers unless the
Fund/A gent notifies FBS to the contrary.

‘With respect to the purchase of Class N shares, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the

Funds' Prospectus, NFS or its affiliates may allow the purchase of Class N shares by the Janus Capital
Group Inc. Mutual Fund Share Investment Plan. The foregoing is not intended to authorize NFS or its
affiliates to allow the purchase of Class N shares by account types not eligible under the terms of the
Prospectus."

0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

NA

SEE

NA
NA
NA

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, effective as of the first day of February, 2013, is by and among
National Financial Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity
Investments Institutional Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), Janus Distributors LLC
(“Distributor”) and Janus Services LLC (“Janus Services”). Distributor and Janus Services shall
be collectively referred to as “Fund/Agent”;

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, NFS, FBS, FIIOC, and Fund/Agent entered into a Services Agreement dated
April 1, 2009 (the “Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative services provided to
beneficial owners of shares of mutual funds or other investment products associated with
Fund/Agent; and

WHEREAS, Fund/Agent desires that, effective on or about March 9, 2013, NFS
consolidate certain Shareholders’ orders for purchase, redemption and exchange of certain funds
in one or more omnibus accounts maintained by NFS; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the
relevant sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Adding the following new Article One, Section II, “Omnibus Account Services”,
and renumbering all subsequent subsections accordingly.

Il. Omnibus Account Services

The terms of Exhibit J shall apply to those Shareholder accounts that the parties have
agreed to trade in one or more omnibus accounts registered in the name of NFS as
nominee for such Shareholders.

(2) Adding Exhibit J, “Omnibus Account Addendum”, as attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this amendment as of the date first
written above.

Janus Distributors LLC National Financial Services LLC
Member NYSE, SIPC

By:

sADNoan Name: S E E _
Title: Senior Vice President Title: fh TT. A GI | it i ;
3 / 2 / 20 ; Date: ia “

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: ASA08B5B-E87C-4BCC-BC19-6D799E6FCE6E

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, effective as of the first day of February, 2013, is by and among
National Financial Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity
Investments Institutional Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), Janus Distributors LLC
(“Distributor”) and Janus Services LLC (“Janus Services”). Distributor and Janus Services shall
be collectively referred to as “‘Fund/Agent”;

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, NFS, FBS, FIIOC, and Fund/Agent entered into a Services Agreement dated
April 1, 2009 (the “Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative services provided to
beneficial owners of shares of mutual funds or other investment products associated with
Fund/Agent; and

WHEREAS, Fund/Agent desires that, effective on or about March 9, 2013, NFS
consolidate certain Shareholders’ orders for purchase, redemption and exchange of certain funds

in one or more omnibus accounts maintained by NFS; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the
relevant sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Adding the following new Article One, Section II, “Omnibus Account Services”,
and renumbering all subsequent subsections accordingly.

il. Omnibus Account Services

The terms of Exhibit J shall apply to those Shareholder accounts that the parties have
agreed to trade in one or more omnibus accounts registered in the name of NFS as
nominee for such Shareholders.

(2) Adding Exhibit J, “Omnibus Account Addendum”, as attached hereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this amendment as of the date first
written above.

 
     

Janus Distributors LLC National Financial Services LLC
Member : g .
te Gurumia
By: i By:
Name: Usse I\ p : uPnoan Name: emia
Title: Senior Vice President Title: vp

Janus Services LLC Fidelity Investments Institutional
> Operations Company, Inc.
(Te

By: By: e poe
Name: Us e\\ . g Mra n Name: whe De
iy diy

Title: Senior Vice President Title: fs = ; i
Date: 3 : hp “43 Date: :

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Member NYSE, SIPC

Name:
Title: ! vat is
Date:

DocuSign Envelope ID: A8A08B5B-E87C-4BCC-BC19-6D799E6FC66E

Janus Services LLC

By: “Te

mwel\ VS PON

Title: Senior Vice President
Date: 3h hea

Name:

Fidelity Investments Institutional

Operatigns Cpiiepaty, Inc.
oe Radu tier

Name: RaGHet ATE
Title; _ SVP
Date: 3/14/2013

  
    

Fidelity pete ot Aaa LLC
y:

EE ne,

By:
Name: __Caretyn
Title: EVP FundsNetwork

3/13/2013

EXHIBIT J
OMNIBUS ACCOUNT ADDENDUM
L Omnibus Accounts

(a) NFS may open one or more omnibus accounts with each Fund or its transfer agent for
each series of such Fund registered in the name of NFS as nominee for Shareholders of such Fund
(each an “Omnibus Account”).

(b) All dividends and capital gains paid in connection with any Omnibus Account shall be
reinvested in additional shares of the Funds.

(c) NFS may open additional Omnibus Accounts from time to time and may consolidate
existing Omnibus Accounts in its discretion. NFS may issue instructions to any Fund or its
transfer agent to move shares between Omnibus Accounts or between an Omnibus Account and
any other NFS account.

ih. Responsibilities of NFS

In addition to the services set forth in the Agreement, NFS shall perform or cause to be performed
the following services with respect to Shareholders holding Fund shares through each Omnibus
Account:

(a) assess sales charges (including, asset-based sales charges, front-end sales charges and
contingent deferred sales charges (“CDSC”), where applicable), pursuant to the information
provided by Fund/Agent or its designee hereunder, and remit all amounts collected, less dealer
concessions, if applicable, to the Fund or its transfer agent;

(b) upon request, transmit to the Fund or its transfer agent reporting that provides sub-
account Fund positions and Shareholder activity including CDSC share lot information that is
maintained by NFS;

(c) make available to Fund or its transfer agent such other reporting information as the
parties may from time to time mutually agree;

(d) maintain separate records for each Shareholder;

(e) track CDSC’s related to shares of Funds held by Shareholders in an Omnibus Account.
CDSC’s shall be withheld from the redemption proceeds of each applicable transaction and NFS
shall remit such CDSC’s as are payable to Fund or its transfer agent; and

(f) upon transfer of a Shareholder’s interest in an Omnibus Account to another broker-
dealer (“Transferee’’), NFS shall provide the Transferee or its agent all Shareholder history
information in its possession concerning purchases, redemptions, exchanges and reinvested
distributions . However, if NFS did not receive such information or a subset of such information
from the Fund, transfer agent or prior broker dealer when shares were transferred to NFS, NFS
will provide only such information that NFS received.

il. Responsibilities of Fund/Agent

(a) Fund/Agent will provide to NFS or its designee with such information as may be
reasonably requested by NFS or its designee to effect the conversion of shares of the Funds to an
Omnibus Account including, without limitation, the information set forth in the Implementation
Plan Checklist, the receipt of which Fund/Agent hereby acknowledges. Fund/Agent shall provide
reasonable assistance to NFS or its designee to facilitate the initial conversion of any shares to an
Omnibus Account as set forth in the Implementation Plan Checklist.

(b) Fund/Agent shall promptly notify NFS or its designee of any changes that would affect
NFS’ performance of the services set forth herein, including, without limitation, any changes in
asset-based sales charges (i.e., changes in Rule 12b-1 plans) and NFS’ performance of such
services is conditioned on the timely provision of such notice.

(c) Fund/Agent shall provide daily account activity and daily position balances in accordance
with current standard NSCC Networking layouts.

(d) Fund/A gent agrees to provide NFS directly with secure transmissions at the close of each
business day detailing all house account activity (i.e., trades, corrections, dividends, transfers,
corporate actions or miscellaneous transaction activity) and closing house account position
balances. These transmissions shall be formatted per industry standard reconciliation file layouts
(e.g. DST ‘TIP’ files, BNY ‘Dazzle’ files) or as defined by NFS standard layouts.

(e) Fund/Agent shall provide daily net asset value of each Fund and dividend rates, where
applicable, via the standard DTCC price and rate files, or such other method mutually acceptable
to the parties, and shall respond to reasonable requests from NFS or its designee for such
information. Fund/Agent shall provide reasonable advance notice of net asset value corrections to
NFS and its designee.

(f) Omnibus Accounts shall be kept open on the Fund’s books regardless of activity or
position size except to the extent that the parties mutually agree to close any such Omnibus
Account.

(g) upon transferring a Shareholder’s interest in an individual account with the Fund to an
NFS account, Fund/Agent shall provide or cause to be provided to NFS all Shareholder history
for purchases, redemptions, exchanges and reinvested distributions or any other information that
is reasonably necessary to establish share lots for CDSC aging.

IV. Additional Res ponsibilities

(a) If a Shareholder's shares of the Fund are transferred or converted to the Omnibus
Account without accompanying share aging information necessary for NFS to apply CDSCs,
effect share conversions or perform other transactions dependent on such aging information, and
if NFS is unable to otherwise determine the share aging information from the predecessor broker
dealer, the Shareholder or Fund/Agent, then Fund/Agent authorizes and directs NFS that NFS
may treat the Shareholder's shares as fully aged for purposes of applying CDSCs, effecting share
conversions or performing other transactions dependent on such aging information. However, if
a Shareholder or broker dealer subsequently provides historical account statements or other
account information to NFS in order to evidence share aging information, Fund authorizes and
directs NFS to accept such information for purposes of calculating CDSCs, share class
conversions or for the performance of other transactions dependent on such share aging
information.

(b) Should any such shares be subsequently transferred to another broker-dealer, Fund/Agent
further authorizes and directs NFS to provide the recipient broker-dealer with information
indicating that such shares are fully aged.

(c) Upon a conversion or de-conversion event, which NFS may initiate in its sole discretion,
Fund/Agent and NFS will work together using best efforts to transition the appropriate client
level position detail and history from the Fund's accounting system to NFS' selected sub-
accounting platform or from NFS' selected sub-accounting platform to the Fund's accounting
system, in accordance with a mutually agreed to schedule and using agreed to industry standard
processing methods.

(d) As compensation for NFS’ services hereunder and for the additional services set forth in
the Agreement, Fund/Agent shall pay those fees set forth in Exhibit A to the Agreement.

(e) In connection with shares held by NFS through Omnibus Accounts, NFS may, in its
capacity as a clearing broker, submit to Fund/Agent monthly invoices reflecting amounts that are
payable by the Fund under the Fund’s Rule 12b-1 or shareholder service plan to introducing
brokers that clear through NFS. In the calculation of such fee, NFS’ records shall govern unless
Fund/Agent can demonstrate that the number of shares or Fund price(s) used in such calculation
is inaccurate. All fees are due thirty (30) days after receipt of invoice. Payment shall be by wire
transfer or other form acceptable to Fidelity and shall be separate from payments related to
redemption proceeds, distributions or fees payable to Fidelity under Exhibit A.

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, effective as of the first day of June, 2013, is by and among
National Financial Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity
Investments Institutional Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), Janus Distributors LLC
(“Distributor”) and Janus Services LLC (“Janus Services”). Distributor and Janus Services shall
be collectively referred to as “Fund/Agent”;

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, NFS, FBS, FIIOC, and Fund/A gent entered into a Services Agreement dated
April 1, 2009 (the “Agreement”, with regard to certain administrative services provided to
beneficial owners of shares of mutual funds or other investment products associated with
Fund/Agent;

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the
relevant sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Restating in its entirety Exhibit A as attached hereto.

(2) Restating in its entirety Exhibit C as attached hereto.

(signature page follows)

Confidential Information 1

IN WITNESS WHEREOE, the parties have executed this amendment as of the date first

written above.

 

 

Janus Distributors LLC

Name: Michael D. Elder

Title: so when.

National Financial Services LLC

Member NYSE, SIPC

By: S E E

Name:

Title: Al [ACI 1ED

Date:

 

 

Date:
Janus Services LLC

By:

      

Michael D. Elder

Senior Vice President
Ceckemiaan. \Q 20%

Name:
Title:
Date:

 

Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Company, Inc.

By: S E E

Name: ATTA CH ‘ED
Title:

Date:

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC

Member NYSE, SIPC

By:

Name: iS} E E

Date:

 

Confidential Information

 

DocuSign Envelope ID:

04281075-E0F2-4F7F-AB94-25C76F9C77C9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this amendment as of the date first

written above.

 

EvP FundsNetwork

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Janus Distributors LLC National Financial Services LLC
- - ff Member NYSE, SIPC
/ { fA DocuSigned by:
By: Lohan jb) By:| Chanlic Gurumia
Name: Michael D. Elder Name: CHaPPeGeremia __
Title: Seniqr Vice\President Title; YP
“ \ \ 1a , ~
Date: “Deotenvocn V2, XO | Date: 9/20/2013
Janus Services LLC Fidelity Investments Institutional
‘ Operations Company, Inc.
foo ¢ / DocuSigned by:
/ el fa \ /
By: _— ofry, i By: [tad Tyr
Zo
Name: Michael D. Elder Name: RzcHermtyter
Title: Senior Vice President Title: _ SVP
\ os .
Date: ech ery ce \2Q Lows Date; 9/18/2013
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Member NYSE, SIPC
DocuSigned by:
Name: CAHOTHN7e4. ancy
Title, EVP FundsNetwork
Date: 9/18/2013
Confidential Information 2

 

EXHIBIT A

FEE SCHEDULE -— Effective June 1, 2013

Summary of Fees

Fee Payment
Frequency | Frequency
and
Method

Fee Type

New Fund Family $15,000 per fund family (waived due to existing fund family
Start Up Fee relationship)

One-time 1.00% 0 on Class Cc assets a as dealer concession in addition to
(Autopaid) the fees for services contemplated by this Agreement

Asset-Based Fee One. Reallowance of initial sales charge (front-end load) on Class
One-time A assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for

(Autopaid) services contemplated by this Agreement **

One-time

lonthly 12b-1
(Invoiced)

(0.10% (TPA-
Monthly Class A 0.25% Vlatiem  [0.25%/ 0.35%
(Invoiced) only)***
1.00%
Class I
(TPA-
retirement N/A 0.10%*** 0.10%
Platform
0.10% (plus
0.15% for
Monthl: Class R 0.50% retirement |0.60%/ 0.75%
1 abl fee fundsnetwork
(12b-1 fees “RFN” assets)

autopaid;
Admin fees ore pus
invoiced) 02 tor
retirement
Class S 0.25% fundsnetwork | 0.40% / 0.50%
assets)

Confidential Information 3

 

   
   

 
    
 
 

 
 

Position
Reimbursement Fee

 

Cumulative
Fie Networking Per Omnibus Per
ae Poo Fe

sooo [sto | stat
250,000-499,000

  
     
   
 

(Invoiced)

Under 250,000
Funds with NIF Omnibus
Monthly Minimum Monthly ‘Networked Positions.| Omnibus Funds Funds
Fee* (per Fund) (Invoiced) $500 $500 $1,000

  
 

  
      
 
    
   
  

  
        
   

Admin
FIIOC

3
JA

     
 
    
 

Monthly
(12b-1 fees
for Class R

 
 
 
 
   

 
   
 

lautopaid; 12b-
1 fees for

one oon
0

0.10%
3

      

    
   
  

Annual

  

Asset Based Fee

2

= _

* Waived if average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million; reduced by amount of
Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during same period.

   

fees to be
Invoiced)

 
   
 

** Fidelity shall be entitled to a re-allowance of the initial sales charge as set forth in the then-current
Prospectus and/or SAI. Fidelity shall be entitled to such re-allowance upon receipt of purchase funds from
customers in the Brokerage Channels. Further, in accordance with each Fund’s Prospectus and/or SAI,
Distributor or any affiliate of the Distributor may, but is not obligated to, make payments to Fidelity from
Distributor’s or such affiliate’s own resources as compensation for certain sales that are made at net asset
value.

*** As reflected under RFN Fee Column in Exhibit C.

Confidential Information 4

Part I- Universal Fees

The fees set forth in this Part I apply to both the Brokerage Channels and FIIOC Channel:

A. Start Up Fees

Fund/A gent shall pay to NFS a one-time start up fee (“Start Up Fee”) for Fidelity’s initial set up
and preparation to support a new group or family of Funds. The amount of the Start Up Fee is
$15,000.00. and shall be due and payable to NFS the earlier of: (i) 30 days from the execution of
this Agreement; or (ii) the availability of any such Fund through the Channels. The Start Up Fee
is waived due to the existing relationship with Janus.

B. CUSIP Fee

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a fee (“CUSIP Fee”) upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity to add
any Transaction Fee Fund to the Fidelity System in order to make such Fund available to the
Channels. The amount of the CUSIP Fee is $6,000 per CUSIP not already available on the
Fidelity System as of the execution date of this Agreement, however, the fee shall be waived for
No Transaction Fee Funds in the Brokerage Channel, and shall be due and payable to NFS upon
the earlier of: (i) the date such fund is identified on Exhibit C; or (ii) the availability of such Fund
to any of the Channels. The CUSIP Fee shall not apply to any Funds or share classes added solely
in connection with the reorganization of the Funds and or share classes.

Part II - Brokerage Channel Fees

A. Asset-Based Fee

For the services provided to the Brokerage Channels by NFS and FBS hereunder in connection
with those funds indicated on Exhibit C, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a fee equal to the percent
per annum indicated in the Summary of Fees above of the daily market value of the total

number of shares of such Fund held in accounts at NFS (determined by multiplying the number
of such shares times the publicly-reported net asset value of each share), excluding the value of
(i) shares that were held by customers in a Fidelity brokerage account prior to the effective date
of the applicable original agreement superseded by this Agreement and (ii) shares first placed
or purchased in a Fidelity brokerage account after the termination of the Agreement (the
“Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee”). A subsequent reclassification of any such shares will
not exempt the reclassified shares from the Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee.

With respect to Transaction Fee Funds, any 12b-1 payments and/or administrative fee payments
shall be transmitted to NFS and NFS shall pay such 12b-1 Fees to FBS or the appropriate
Correspondent and NFS may retain any administrative fees.

Confidential Information 5

B. Position Reimbursement Fees

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual position reimbursement fee (“Position Fee”) with
respect to each separate Transaction Fee Fund position held in any customer account of FBS or
Correspondent as set forth below.

(i) Networking Per Position Fees for Transaction Fee Funds

(ii)

For each Fund which participates in the NSCC Fund/SERV networking level 3 ina
fully-disclosed manner, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual networking per
position reimbursement fee subject to the schedule set forth in the Summary of Fees
above for each separate Fund position held in any customer account of Fidelity or
Correspondent, which fee shall be calculated and payable in quarterly installments in
arrears per Fund position upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity.

Omnibus Fees for Transaction Fee Funds

For each Transaction Fee Fund which does not participate in the NSCC Fund/SERV
networking level 3 system in a fully-disclosed manner, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an
annual Transaction Fee Fund per position reimbursement fee (“TF Per Position Fee”)
subject to the tiered structure set forth in the Summary of Fees above for each separate
Fund position held in any customer account of Fidelity or Correspondent, which fee
shall be calculated and payable in quarterly installments in arrears per Fund position
upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity.

For the avoidance of doubt, Fund/Agent will not pay Position Fees on assets held though the
TPA-retirement Platform.

C. Monthly Minimum Fees

(i) Each Fund which trades in a fully-disclosed manner with NFS will be subject to a per

Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“Monthly Minimum Fee”) of $500.00. The
Monthly Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund
exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by dividing the total market value of all Brokerage
Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the current month-end by the total
number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this Agreement). The Monthly
Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees
or Position Fees generated during the same period.

(ii) Each non-NTF Fund which trades in an omnibus manner with NFS will be subject to a

per Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“Monthly Minimum Fee”) of $500.00.
The Monthly Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel
Fund exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by dividing the total market value of all
Brokerage Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the current month-end by the
total number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this Agreement). The Monthly
Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees
or Position Fees generated during the same period.

Confidential Information 6

(iii) Each No Transaction Fee Fund which trades in an omnibus manner with NFS will be
subject to a per Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“NTF Monthly Minimum
Fee”) of $1,000.00. The NTF Monthly Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets
per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by dividing the total
market value of all Brokerage Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the
current month-end by the total number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this
Agreement). The NTF Monthly Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of the
Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fee generated during the same period.

Any Monthly Minimum Fee described above shall be invoiced by Fidelity.
Part II - FIIOC Channel Fee

For the services provided to the FIIOC Channel by FIIOC hereunder, Fund/A gent shall pay to
FIIOC the amounts set forth above in this Exhibit A (and reflected in Exhibit C) equal to a
percentage per annum of the average aggregate amount invested in the Funds through the FITOC
Plans each calendar month (the “FITOC Channel Asset-Based Fee”). The average aggregate
amount invested through the FIIOC Plans over a calendar month shall be computed by totaling
the FIIOC Plans’ daily investments during the month and dividing such total by the actual
number of calendar days in the month. Daily investments shall include amounts invested by the
FIIOC Plans either directly or indirectly in the Funds including, but not limited to, direct
investments in the Funds and investments in the Funds by “strategy funds” and other customized
FIIOC Plan investment options contemplated by Exhibit H. However, AT&T Plan assets shall be
excluded for the purpose of calculating the FIIOC Channel Asset-Based Fee.

Part IV - General

The fee terms set forth in this Part IV apply to both the Brokerage Channels and FIIOC
Channel:

Fidelity acknowledges that payment of the fees described herein may be financed in whole or in
part by a Fund in accordance with that Fund’s plan of distribution adopted pursuant to Rule 12b-1
under the 1940 Act (“12b-1 Plan”). If a Fund's 12b-1 Plan is modified, suspended or terminated
such that the fees are no longer payable from Fund assets, Fund/Agent agrees to continue to pay
the amount that would have been payable pursuant to the 12b-1 Plan to Fidelity for a period of up
to eighteen (18) months following the modification, suspension or termination of such 12b-1
Plan. In addition, the parties agree to negotiate in good faith to expeditiously provide for an
alternate source of payment to Fidelity. Each party agrees to use its best efforts to conclude such
negotiations within the eighteen (18) month period following the modification, suspension or
termination of the 12b- Plan, and either party's failure to negotiate in good faith shall constitute a
material breach of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement, Fund/Agent
shall not be required to pay any portion of the Fee as to which it is determined by Fund/Agent, in
good faith, that such continued payment would violate any applicable law, rule, or regulation or
any SEC or other applicable authoritative order against Fund/Agent.

Upon prior written notice to Fund/Agent pursuant to Section VI.L, Fidelity may change, amend,
or waive any fee or the method of payment thereof under this Agreement and Fidelity may issue
to Fund/Agent a new or replacement Exhibit A or other writing documenting such change,

Confidential Information 7

amendment, or waiver. Such change, amendment, or waiver shall be effective on the date stated
in such notice. Unless within a reasonable timeframe Fund/Agent or any of its affiliates object in
writing, the acceptance by Fund/Agent of any order after the date stated in such notice shall
represent Fund/Agent’s agreement to pay such fees to Fidelity. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the parties agree that any amendment or change that increases the fees to be paid shall have been
previously negotiated and agreed to by both parties prior to submission in writing by Fidelity.

The method of payment by Fund/Agent of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees and the FIIOC
Channel Asset-Based Fees (collectively, the “Asset-Based Fees”) shall be as indicated in the
above Summary of Fees.

For the Asset-Based Fees to be invoiced by Fidelity (“Invoiced”), subsequent to each month-end,
NFS shall send to Fund/Agent a statement of the market value of shares of the Fund for which
the fee is calculated for the preceding month, together with a statement of the amount of the
Asset-Based Fee. In the calculation of such Asset-Based Fee, NFS shall use its calculation
methodology, provided such methodology is generally consistent with industry practice and
results in an amount due on an annual basis that is materially the same as Fund/Agent would
calculate using Fund/Agent’s calculation methodology. In addition, NFS’ records shall govern
unless Fund/Agent can demonstrate that the number of shares or Fund price(s) used in such
calculation is inaccurate. Fidelity shall cooperate with Fund/Agent in providing information
Fund/Agent may request in order to reconcile calculations in such invoices. All fees are due
thirty (30) days upon receipt of invoice. Payment shall be by wire transfer or other form
acceptable to Fidelity and shall be separate from payments related to redemption proceeds and
distributions. If Fund/Agent fails to remit such fees within 30 days, Fund/Agent will be subject to
a monthly 1.0% (12% per annum) late charge on aggregate outstanding balances.

For the Asset-Based Fees to be calculated and paid by Fund/Agent (“Autopaid”), subsequent to
each month-end, Fund/Agent shall calculate and pay via the NSCC systems to Fidelity such
Asset-Based Fees. Such payment will be accompanied by a statement showing the calculation of
the amounts payable and such other supporting data as may be reasonably requested by Fidelity.
In the calculation of such Asset-Based Fee, Fund/Agent shall use its calculation methodology,
provided such methodology is generally consistent with industry practice and results in an
amount due on an annual basis that is materially the same as Fidelity would calculate using
Fidelity’s calculation methodology. In addition, Fund/Agent’s records shall govern unless
Fidelity can demonstrate that the number of shares or Fund price(s) used in such calculation is
inaccurate. Fund/Agent shall cooperate with Fidelity in providing information Fund/Agent may
request in order to reconcile calculations in such statements.

Confidential Information 8

EXHIBIT C

      
  
     
 

   
  
    
  
 

  
      
     

PU E : =
FD Program Channel Fee Redemption
NTF to all | NTF to Asset (applicable Fee
Brokerage | Advisers Based to (minimum
annel. only Fee Brokerage hold/ fee
Channel rate)
Legal FD Name Ticker
I INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLC JLCCX 471030209 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
2. INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL | JRMGX = 47103A823 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
3. JANUS BALANCED FD CLA JDBAX  47103C506 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
4, JANUS BALANCED FD CLI JBALX 471030704 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
5. JANUS BALANCED FD CLS JABRX = 47103C886 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
6. JANUS BALANCED FD CLC JABCX  47103C605 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
7. JANUS BALANCED FD CLR JDBRX  47103C803 0.75% 0.15% NA NA
8. JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLR JCNRX 471030845 x 0.75% 0.15% NA NA
9. JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLA JCNAX  47103C878 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
10. | JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL C JCNCX  47103C860 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
i JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL S JCNIX 47103C837 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
12. JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLI JCONX 471030852 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
13. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLI JFLEX 471030746 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
14. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLS JADFX 471030720 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
1s. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLA JDFAX  47103C761 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
16. | JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLC JFICX 47103C753 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
17. JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLR JDFRX  47103C738 0.75% 0.15% NA NA
18 JANUS FORTY FD CLC JACCX  47103A666 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
19. JANUS FORTY FD CLS JARTX  47103A633 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
20. JANUS FORTY FD CLI JCAPX  47103A658 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
21 JANUS FORTY FD CLR JDCRX  47103A641 x 0.75% 0.15% NA NA
22, JANUS FORTY FDCLA JDCAX  47103A674 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
23. JANUS FORTY FD CLT JACTX  47103A625 0.35% 0.00% NA NA
24. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CL! JERIX 47103A583 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
2s. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CL S JERSX  47103A575 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
26. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLC JERCX  47103A591 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
27. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLA JERAX  47103A617 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
28. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLT JERTX  47103A567 0.35% 0.00% NA NA
29. JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLI JRGIX 471023374 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
30. JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL S JRGSX 471023366 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
31 JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL C JRGCX 471023382 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
32, | JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLA JRGAX 471023390 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
33. | JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLA JATAX 471023358 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
34. | JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL C JAGCX 471023341 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
35. | JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL! JATIX 471023333 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
36. JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLS JATSX 471023325 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
37. JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLA JFNAX 471023481 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
38. JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLC JFNCX 471023473 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
39. JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLI JFNIX 471023465 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
40. JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLS JFNSX 471023457 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA

Confidential Information 9

PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLA
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLI
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLS
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLI
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL C
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLA
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLR
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL S
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLA

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLS

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL C

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLR

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLI

INTECH U.S, VALUE FD CLA

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLS

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL!
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLC
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLA

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLI

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL C

JANUS OVERSEAS FD R

JANUS FUND CL S

JANUS FUND CLA

JANUS FUND CLR

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD R

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLR

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL S

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLA

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL!
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLS
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLC
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLR
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL A
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLR
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL S
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLI
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL S
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLC
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLA
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL T
JANUS RESEARCH FD CLA

JANUS RESEARCH FD CLC

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL S

JANUS RESEARCH FD CLI

Confidential Information

JPPAX
JPPCX
JPPIX
JPPSX
JGINX
JGICX
JDNAX
JDNRX
JADGX
JHYAX
JDHYX
JDHCX
JHYRX
JRMCX
JRSAX
JIGRX
JIIEX
JCIEX
JDIAX
JIGFX
JIGCX
JDIRX
JGORX
JDGAX
JDGRX
JDPRX
JDMRX
JGRTX
JDMAX
JMVAX
JDPAX
JORIX
JORAX
JORCX
JORRX
JCSCX
JDSAX
JDSRX
JISCX
JAPIX
JAPSX
JAPCX
JAPAX
JPLTX
JRAAX
JRACX
JRASX
JRAIX

471023440
471023432
471023424
471023416
47103C639
47103C647
47103C654
47103C621
47103C613
47103C597
47103C555
471030589
47103C563
47103C308
47103A732
471030449
47103A534
47103A542
47103C480
471030464
47103C472
471030456
47103C662
47103C712
47103C670
471030233
47103C787
47103C779
47103C829
471030241
47103C266
471030498
47103C548
47103C530
471030514
471030191
47103C217
471030175
47103C167
47103A286
47103A278
47103A294
47103A310
47103A260
471023317
471023291
471023275
471023283

10

x

xx KK

0.35%
1.00%
0.10%
0.50%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.75%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.10%
1.00%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.75%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
1.00%
0.35%
0.75%
0.50%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%

0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0. 15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.15%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.00%
0.10%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA

SEs

SSSSSESSSSSSSEESE

NA
NA
NA

NA

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

SESESE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SESEE

89.
90
91
92
93
94
95.
96

97
98
99

100

101.

102,
103.

104
105.
106.
107
108
109.
110.
M1
112
113
114
15
116.
117
118
119.
120.
121
122
123
124
125.
126
127
128
129
130
131
132
133

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLA

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL C

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLS

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL |

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - GROWTH D CLA
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - GROWTH FD CLC
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - GROWTH FD CL S

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - GROWTH FD CLI
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - MODERATE FD
CLA

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - MODERATE FD CL
c

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - MODERATE FD
CLS

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION MODERATE FD CL
I

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - CONSERVATIVE
FDCLA

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - CONSERVATIVE
FOCLC

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - CONSERVATIVE
FDCLS

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - CONSERVATIVE
FOCLI

JANUS TRITON FD CLA

JANUS TRITON FD CLC

JANUS TRITON FD CLR

JANUS WORLDW IDE FD CL |

JANUS FUND CL C

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLC

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLI

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL S
JANUS BALANCED FD CL T

JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL T

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL T

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL T
JANUS FUND CL T

JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLT
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL T
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLT
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL T
JANUS GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FD CL T
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL T
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLT

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLA

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLS

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CLA
INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL C
INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL S

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL T

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLT

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLL

Confidential Information

JSHAX
JSHCX
JSHSX
JSHIX

JGCAX
JGCCX
JGCSX
JGCIX

JMOAX
JMOCX
JMOSX
JMOIX
JCAAX
JCACX
JCASX

JCAIX
JGMAX
JGMCX
JGMRX
JWWFX
JGOCX
JGRCX
JMGRX
JMVCX
JMVIX
JABAX
JSVAX
JAENX
JAFIX
JANSX
JAGLX
JGVAX
JARFX
JAGTX
JAGXX
JAGIX
JAHYX
JDOAX
JLCIX
JDRAX
JCGCX
JCGIX
JDRTX
JRMSX
JMIVX

471023267
471023259
471023234
471023242
47103A500
47103A609
47103A807
47103A708

47103A880
47103A872
47103A856
471034864
47103A104
47103A203
47103A401

47103A302
47103C373
47103C365
47103C340
47103C290
47103C696
471030811
471030795
47103C258
471030225
471023879
471023655
471023804
471023606
471023101
471023671
471023622
471023531
471023663
471023820
471023200
471023762
471030100
47103C407
47103A849
47103A831
47103A815
47103A799
471023556
471023580

1

xx «KK KKK OM

x

0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%

0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%

0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
0.10%
1.00%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
nla

0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

SESSESSE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SSSSSESESTESES

2222222
>rrPrrrpr

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA

NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SESSES

NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

134.
135.
136.
137,
138,
139.
140.
141

142
143,

144.
145,
146.
147
148,
149.
150
151

152.

153
154
155
156
157.
158,
159
160.
161
162
163
164
165.
166.
167
168
169.
170.

171

172.

173
174
175,
176
177

178
179

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL T
JANUS MONEY MARKET FD CL T
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLT
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL T

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL T

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL T
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLL

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL T
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - CONSERVATIVE
FDCLT

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - GROWTH FD CLT
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION - MODERATE FD
CLT

JANUS TRITON FD CL T

JANUS TWENTY FD CLT

JANUS VENTURE FD CLT

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLI

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL!
INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLI

JANUS FUND CLI

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLI
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL I
JANUS TRITON FD CLi

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FDCL S

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL C

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL A

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL T

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CL S

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CL C

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CL T

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLS
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL A
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL R
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL T
JANUS TRITON FD CLS

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLI
JANUS VENTURE FD CL!

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLI

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL!
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FUND CL
|

JANUS REAL RETURN FD CL!

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLI

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLA
JANUS VENTURE FD CLA

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLA

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLA
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FUND CL
A

JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLA

Confidential Information

JMCVX
JAMXX
JORNX
JAOSX
JAMRX
JASBX
JSIVX

JSCVX

JSPCX
JSPGX

JSPMX
JATTX
JAVLX
JAVTX
JHYFX
JMIIX
JRSIX
JGROX
JORFX
JSCOX
JSMGX
JMISX
JMICX
JMIAX
JRMTX
JRSSX
JRSCX
JRSTX
JSIEX
JAIEX
JRIEX
JAITX
JGMIX
JPVIX
JVTIX
JMFIX
JGBIX

JPGIX
JURIX
JAQIX
JPVAX

JMFAX
JGBAX

JPGAX
JURAX

471023598
471023838
471023648
471023846
471023853
471023887
471023564
471023572

471023499
471023523

471023515
471023549
471023408
471023507
471030571
47103A765
47103A716
47103C688
47103C522
471030183
47103C357
47103A757
47103A773
47103A781
47103A740
47103A690
47103A724
47103A682
47103A450
47102A559
47103A526
47103A492
47103C332
47103E585
47103E395
47103E528
47103E452

47103A153
47103A229
47103E346
47103E627
47103E429
47103E551
47103E486

47103A187
47103A252

xx Kx

xxKxXXK Xe x

0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
n/a
0.35%

0.35%
0.35%

0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.35%
0.50%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

0.35%
0.35%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%
0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%
0.10%

NA
NA

NA
NA

NA
NA

NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SESSESSESESESSESESESS

NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

NA

SEES

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

SSSESE

SESESESSSESESE

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA

180
181
182
183
184
185,
186
187
188.

189.

190.

191.

192

193.

194.
195.
196.
197
198
199.
200.
201
202.
203.
204.
205.

206.

207,
208.
209,

210.

211
212
213.

214.
215.

216.
217.
218
219.

220.

221

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLA

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL C
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL C

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL C

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FD CL C
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLC

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLC

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLT
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL T

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL T

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FD CL T
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CL T

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLS

JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLS

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GROWTH FD CLS
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL S

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL S

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL S
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLA

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES —- GLOBAL CL A
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CLA

JANUS BALANCED FD CL N

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL N

JANUS FORTY FD CLIN

JANUS FUND CLIN

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLN
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLN

PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLN
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLN

JANUS VENTURE FD CLN

JANUS TRITON FD CLN

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL N

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL N

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLN

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLN
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CLI

INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL C

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLI

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLC

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL FD CLI
JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL FD CLC
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL S

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL S

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL FD CLS
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL T

INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL T

JANUS PROTECTED SERIES - GLOBAL FD CL T
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CL T

Confidential Information

JAQAX
JPVCX
JMFCX
JGBCX
JPTCX
JURCX
JAQCX
JPVTX
JMFTX
JHBTX
JPGTX
JURTX
JAQSX
JURSX
JPTSX
JMFSX
JGBSX
JPVSX
JVSAX
JGSAX
JGDAX
JABNX
JDFNX
JFRNX
JDGNX
JDSNX
JDPNX
JPLNX
JPPNX
JVTNX
JGMNX
JSHNX
JRANX
JDINX
JNIEX
JGDIX
JGDCX
JVSIX
JVSCX
JGSIX
JGGCX
JGDSX
JSVSX
JGSSX
JSVTX
JDGTX
JSGSTX
JDATX

47103E379
47103E619
47103E544
47103E478
47103A179
47103A245
47103E361
47103E569
47103E494
47103E437
47103A138
47103A211
47103E338
47103A237
47103A416
47103E510
47103E445
47103E577
47103E239
47103E312
471030159
47103D108
47103D504
47103D603
47103D702
47103D728
47103D744
471030751
47103D769
47103D785
47103D793
471030819
47103D827
47103D835
47103D843
471030126
471030142
47103E197
47103E221
47103E270
47103E296
47103C118
47103E189
47103E262
47103E171
47103E247
47103E254
47103D637

x «KKK OK

x «KK OK

x x KKK OK

Pad

0.35%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA

NA

SESSSESESE

NA

NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

SSEEEE

NA
NA
NA
NA

SESE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SESESE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

228.
229.
230.
231
232.
233
234

235.
236.
237.
238.

239.

240.

241

242.

JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CL S JDASX 471030645 0.50% 0.10%
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CL 1 JDAIX 47103D660 0.10% 0.10%
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CL C JDDCX  47103D686 4.00% 0.00%
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLA JDDAX  47103D694 0.35% 0.10%
JANUS ENTERPRISE FUND CLASS N JDMNX  47103D405 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FUND CL N JHYNX  47103D850 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FUND CL N JDANX 471030652 0.00% 0.00%
PERKINS INTERNATN'L VALUE FUND CL S JIFSX 47103D561 0.50% 0.10%
JANUS VENTURE FUND CLASS S. JVTSX 47103E387 0.50% 0.10%
PERKINS INTERNATN'L VALUE FUND CL T JIFTX 47103D553 0.35% 0.00%
PERKINS INTERNATN'L VALUE FUND CL N JIFNX 471030579 0.00% 0.00%
PERKINS INTERNATN'L VALUE FUND CL |! JIFIX 471030587 0.10% 0.10%
PERKINS INTERNATN'L VALUE FUND CL C JIFCX 471030611 1.00% 0.00%
PERKINS INTERNATN'L VALUE FUND CLA JIFAX 47103D629 0.35% 0.10%
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLR JDWRX 471030282 0.75% 0.15%

For purposes of fund availability to the Brokerage Channels, the parties acknowledge and

agree that the term “investment adviser” or “adviser” is intended to include registered
investment advisers, third party administrators, banks, trust departments, and family
office clients. Ifa fund is designated as “NTF to Advisers Only” on this Exhibit C, the
fund may be made available under the No Transaction Fee Fund Program to
Correspondents for managed accounts. Fund/Agent acknowledges and agrees that FBS
will make Class I shares of funds available to family office clients unless Fund/Agent
notifies FBS to the contrary. Fund/Agent further acknowledges and agrees that FBS will
make fund shares available on a load-waived basis to accounts maintained for employee
benefit plans and fee-based accounts maintained through investment advisers unless the
Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary.

'With respect to the purchase of Class N shares, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the

Funds’ Prospectus, NFS or its affiliates may allow the purchase of Class N shares by the Janus Capital
Group Inc. Mutual Fund Share Investment Plan. The foregoing is not intended to authorize NFS or its
affiliates to allow the purchase of Class N shares by account types not eligible under the terms of the
Prospectus."

Confidential Information 14

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SSSSSSESE

NA

NA
NA

SEs

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4EC0-81B5-97C5A76F5F9E

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, effective as of June 1, 2014, is by and among National Financial
Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), Janus Distributors LLC ("Distributor") and Janus Services LLC
("Janus Services"). Distributor and Janus Services shall be collectively referred to as “Fund/Agent”;

WITNESSETH:
WHEREAS, NFS, FBS, FIIOC and Fund/Agent entered into a Services Agreement dated April

1, 2009 (the “Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative services provided to beneficial owners of
shares of mutual funds or other investment products associated with Fund/Agent; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the relevant
sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE. in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Restating in its entirety Exhibit A as attached hereto.

(2) Restating in its entirety Exhibit C as attached hereto.

(signature page follows)

1 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4EC0-81B5-97CS5A76F5F9E

IN WITNESS WHEREOF. the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date
first above written.

 

Janus Distributors LLC | Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (solely with
| respect to Articles I and III) Member NYSE, SIPC

 

 

DocuSigned by:
Name: Michael D. Elder Name: OTHE Aicy
Title: President Title: EvP FundsNetwork
Janus Services LLC Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations

Company, Inc. (solely with respect to Articles II

and III)
| ‘DocuSigned by:
By: By: Raclul Tyr
Name: Michael D. Elder Name: _ RatheTenyre

svP

Title: | Senigr Vice President Title: MF
Date: Cadoon, LO coi Date: 10/23/2014

 

National Financial Services LLC (solely with
respect to Articles I and III) Member NYSE, SIPC

DocuSigned by:
By: (harlic uremia
Name: Chartie Gereniia

Title. _Y?

Date: 10/23/2014

 

 

 

2 Confidential Information

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4EC0-81B5-97C5A76F5F9E

EXHIBIT A

FEE SCHEDULE - Effective June 1, 2014

Summary of Fees

Fee
Frequency

Payment
Frequency
and Method

Fee Type

  

‘UNIVERSAL

New Fund Family Start
Up Fee

iD

One-time One-time

One-time

New CUSIP Fee (Invoiced)

One-time

 

BROKERAGE CHANNEL FEES (see Part II)

One-time

One-time (Autopaid)

Asset-Based Fee
One-time

One-time (Autopaid)

Monthly
{Invoiced)

Monthly
(invoiced)

Monthly
(12b-1 fees
autopaid:
Admin fees
invoiced)

Annual

 

Position Reimbursement
Fee

Monthly
(invoiced)

 

       

Fees

 

 

$15,000 per fund family (waived due to existing fund family
relationship)

$6.000 per CUSIP not already on platform
(waived if CUSIP is an NTF Fund within Brokerage Channel)

  

1.00% on Class C assets as dealer concession in addition to the
fees for services contemplated by this Agreement
Reallowance of initial sales charge (front-end load) on Class A
assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for services
contemplated by this Agreement **

 

 

 

   
     
      

Shares 12b-1 Total
(0.10% (TPA-
Class A 0.25% retrement | 0.25% / 0.35%
Platform
only)***
Class C
Class 1 (TPA-
retirement 0.10%*** 0.10%
Platform only)
0.10% (plus
0.15% for
retirement 0.60% / 0.75%

fundsnetwork
“RFN™ assets
0.15% (plus
0.10% for
retirement
fundsnetwork

Class S

    

      

  

0.25% 0.40% / 0.50%

   
  

   
   
     
   

Classes A; C: I; (and shares of JSPCX, JSPGX, and JSPMX of
Class T for accounts established prior to June 1, 2013 or if the
CUSIPS are reopened on the TF Platform the per position
See will apply on any new positions, provided no Asset-
Based fee will be payable on such positions.

in Fund Famil Position Fee Fee
a A
|__250.000-499,000_ [sin sis
[tinder 250000 [se $16]

3 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4EC0-81B5-97C5A76F5F9E

Funds with Networked NTF Omnibus
Monthly Minimum Fee* Monthly Monthly Positions Omnibus Funds Funds

(per Fund) . . (Invoiced)

FHIOC CHANNEL FEES (see Part Hl)

(12b-1 fees for
Class R and S
a1 puta 120-1
Asset Based Fee fees for Cas
Aand C and
Amdcond

be Invoiced)

 

 

* Waived if average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million: reduced by amount of Brokerage
Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during same period.

** Fidelity shall be entitled to a re-allowance of the initial sales charge as set forth in the then-current Prospectus
and/or SAI. Fidelity shall be entitled to such re-allowance upon receipt of purchase funds from customers in the
Brokerage Channels. Further, in accordance with each Fund's Prospectus and/or SAI, Distributor or any affiliate of
the Distributor may. but is not obligated to, make payments to Fidelity from Distributor’s or such affiliate’s own
resources as compensation for certain sales that are made at net asset value.

***As reflected under RFN Fee Column in Exhibit C.

4 Confidential information

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4EC0-81B5-97C5A76F5F9E

Part I — Universal Fees
The fees set forth in this Part | apply to both the Brokerage Channels and FIIOC Channel:

A. Start Up Fees

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a one-time start up fee (“Start Up Fee”) for Fidelity’s initial set up and
preparation to support a new group or family of Funds. The amount of the Start Up Fee is $15,000.00.
and shall be due and payable to NFS the earlier of: (i) 30 days from the execution of this Agreement; or
(ii) the availability of any such Fund through the Channels. The Start Up Fee is waived due to the
existing relationship with Janus.

B. CUSIP Fee

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a fee (“CUSIP Fee”) upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity to add any
Transaction Fee Fund to the Fidelity System in order to make such Fund available to the Channels. The
amount of the CUSIP Fee is $6,000 per CUSIP not already available on the Fidelity System as of the
execution date of this Agreement. however, the fee shall be waived for No Transaction Fee Funds in the
Brokerage Channel, and shall be due and payable to NFS upon the earlier of: (i) the date such fund is
identified on Exhibit C; or (ii) the availability of such Fund to any of the Channels. The CUSIP Fee shall
not apply to any Funds or share classes added solely in connection with the reorganization of the Funds
and or share classes.

Part II - Brokerage Channel Fees

A. Asset-Based Fee

For the services provided to the Brokerage Channels by NFS and FBS hereunder in connection with
those funds indicated on Exhibit C, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a fee equal to the percent per annum
indicated in the Summary of Fees above of the daily market value of the total number of shares of such
Fund held in accounts at NFS (determined by multiplying the number of such shares times the publicly-
reported net asset value of each share), excluding the value of (i) shares that were held by customers in
a Fidelity brokerage account prior to the effective date of the applicable original agreement superseded
by this Agreement and (ii) shares first placed or purchased in a Fidelity brokerage account after the
termination of the Agreement (the “Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee”). A subsequent
reclassification of any such shares will not exempt the reclassified shares from the Brokerage Channels
Asset-Based Fee. With respect to Transaction Fee Funds, any 12b-1 payments and/or administrative
fee payments shall be transmitted to NFS and NFS shall pay such 12b-1 Fees to FBS or the appropriate
Correspondent and NFS may retain any administrative fees.

5 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope 1D: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4EC0-81B5-97C5A76F5F9E

B. Position Reimbursement Fees

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual position reimbursement fee (“Position Fee”) with respect to
each separate Transaction Fee Fund position held in any customer account of FBS or Correspondent as
set forth below.

(i)

(ii)

Networking Per Position Fees for Transaction Fee Funds

For each Fund which participates in the NSCC Fund/SERV networking level 3 in a fully-
disclosed manner, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual networking per position
reimbursement fee subject to the schedule set forth in the Summary of Fees above for each
separate Fund position held in any customer account of Fidelity or Correspondent, which fee
shall be calculated and payable in quarterly installments in arrears per Fund position upon
receipt of invoice from Fidelity.

Omnibus Fees for Transaction Fee Funds

For each Transaction Fee Fund which does not participate in the NSCC Fund/SERV
networking level 3 system in a fully-disclosed manner, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual
Transaction Fee Fund per position reimbursement fee (“TF Per Position Fee”) subject to the
tiered structure set forth in the Summary of Fees above for each separate Fund position held in
any customer account of Fidelity or Correspondent. which fee shall be calculated and payable
in quarterly installments in arrears per Fund position upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity.

For the avoidance of doubt, Fund/Agent will not pay Position Fees on assets held though the TPA-
retirement Platform.

C. Monthly Minimum Fees

(i)

(ii)

Each Fund which trades in a fully-disclosed manner with NFS will be subject to a per Fund
monthly minimum maintenance fee (“Monthly Minimum Fee”) of $500.00. The Monthly
Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million
(as measured by dividing the total market value of all Brokerage Channel shares subject to this
Agreement as of the current month-end by the total number of Brokerage Channel Funds
subject to this Agreement). The Monthly Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of
Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during the same period.

 

Each non-NTF Fund which trades in an omnibus manner with NFS will be subject to a per
Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“Monthly Minimum Fee”) of $500.00. The Monthly
Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million
(as measured by dividing the total market value of all Brokerage Channel shares subject to this
Agreement as of the current month-end by the total number of Brokerage Channel Funds
subject to this Agreement). The Monthly Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of
Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during the same period.

(iii) Fach No Transaction Fee Fund which trades in an omnibus manner with NFS will be subject to

a per Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“NTF Monthly Minimum Fee”) of
$1,000.00. The NTF Monthly Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage
Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by dividing the total market value of all
Brokerage Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the current month-end by the total

6 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4EC0-81B5-97C5A76F5F9E

number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this Agreement). The NTF Monthly Minimum
Fee will be reduced by the amount of the Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fee generated during
the same period.

Any Monthly Minimum Fee described above shall be invoiced by Fidelity.
Part III — FIIOC Channel Fee

For the services provided to the FILOC Channel by FIIOC hereunder, Fund/Agent shall pay to FIIOC the
amounts set forth above in this Exhibit A (and reflected in Exhibit C) equal to a percentage per annum of
the average aggregate amount invested in the Funds through the FIIOC Plans each calendar month (the
“FHOC Channel Asset-Based Fee”). The average aggregate amount invested through the FIIOC Plans
over a calendar month shall be computed by totaling the FIIOC Plans’ daily investments during the month
and dividing such total by the actual number of calendar days in the month. Daily investments shall
include amounts invested by the FIIOC Plans either directly or indirectly in the Funds including, but not
limited to, direct investments in the Funds and investments in the Funds by “strategy funds” and other
customized FIIOC Plan investment options contemplated by Exhibit H. However, AT&T Plan assets
shall be excluded for the purpose of calculating the FOC Channel Asset-Based Fee.

Part IV - General
The fee terms set forth in this Part IV apply to both the Brokerage Channels and FIIOC Channel:

Fidelity acknowledges that payment of the fees described herein may be financed in whole or in part by a
Fund in accordance with that Fund’s plan of distribution adopted pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the 1940
Act (“12b-1 Plan”). If a Fund's 12b-1 Plan is modified, suspended or terminated such that the fees are no
longer payable from Fund assets, Fund/Agent agrees to continue to pay the amount that would have been
payable pursuant to the 12b-1 Plan to Fidelity for a period of up to eighteen (18) months following the
modification, suspension or termination of such 12b-1 Plan. In addition, the parties agree to negotiate in
good faith to expeditiously provide for an alternate source of payment to Fidelity. Each party agrees to
use its best efforts to conclude such negotiations within the eighteen (18) month period following the
modification, suspension or termination of the 12b- Plan, and either party's failure to negotiate in good
faith shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement,
Fund/Agent shall not be required to pay any portion of the Fee as to which it is determined by
Fund/Agent, in good faith, that such continued payment would violate any applicable law, rule, or
regulation or any SEC or other applicable authoritative order against Fund/Agent.

Upon prior written notice to Fund/Agent pursuant to Section VI.L, Fidelity may change, amend, or waive
any fee or the method of payment thereof under this Agreement and Fidelity may issue to Fund/Agent a
new or replacement Exhibit A or other writing documenting such change, amendment, or waiver. Such
change, amendment, or waiver shall be effective on the date stated in such notice. Unless within a
reasonable timeframe Fund/Agent or any of its affiliates object in writing, the acceptance by Fund/Agent
of any order after the date stated in such notice shall represent Fund/Agent’s agreement to pay such fees
to Fidelity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that any amendment or change that increases
the fees to be paid shall have been previously negotiated and agreed to by both parties prior to submission
in writing by Fidelity.

The method of payment by Fund/Agent of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees and the FIIOC Channel
Asset-Based Fees (collectively, the “Asset-Based Fees”) shall be as indicated in the above Summary of
Fees.

7 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF 1F-4EC0-81B5-97CSA76F5F9E

For the Asset-Based Fees to be invoiced by Fidelity (“Invoiced”), subsequent to each month-end, NFS
shall send to Fund/Agent a statement of the market value of shares of the Fund for which the fee is
calculated for the preceding month, together with a statement of the amount of the Asset-Based Fee. In
the calculation of such Asset-Based Fee, NFS shall use its calculation methodology, provided such
methodology is generally consistent with industry practice and results in an amount due on an annual
basis that is materially the same as Fund/Agent would calculate using Fund/Agent’s calculation
methodology. In addition, NFS’ records shall govern unless Fund/Agent can demonstrate that the number
of shares or Fund price(s) used in such calculation is inaccurate. Fidelity shall cooperate with
Fund/Agent in providing information Fund/Agent may request in order to reconcile calculations in such
invoices. All fees are due thirty (30) days upon receipt of invoice. Payment shall be by wire transfer or
other form acceptable to Fidelity and shall be separate from payments related to redemption proceeds and
distributions. If Fund/Agent fails to remit such fees within 30 days, Fund/Agent will be subject to a
monthly 1.0% (12% per annum) late charge on aggregate outstanding balances.

For the Asset-Based Fees to be calculated and paid by Fund/Agent (“Autopaid”), subsequent to each
month-end, Fund/Agent shall calculate and pay via the NSCC systems to Fidelity such Asset-Based Fees.
Such payment will be accompanied by a statement showing the calculation of the amounts payable and
such other supporting data as may be reasonably requested by Fidelity. In the calculation of such Asset-
Based Fee, Fund/Agent shall use its calculation methodology, provided such methodology is generally
consistent with industry practice and results in an amount due on an annual basis that is materially the
same as Fidelity would calculate using Fidelity’s calculation methodology. In addition, Fund/Agent’s
records shall govern unless Fidelity can demonstrate that the number of shares or Fund price(s) used in
such calculation is inaccurate. Fund/Agent shall cooperate with Fidelity in providing information
Fund/Agent may request in order to reconcile calculations in such statements.

8 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4EC0-81B5-97C5A76F5F9E

EXHIBIT C

    
 

 
 

Fund Information

 

No Transaction Fee RFN FOC
FD Program Fee Channel

NTE to all (applicable Redemptic
Brokerage vis to LW
Channels Brokerage Fee
Channel (minimurr
Only hold/ tee

 
  
 
  

 

        

 

Legal FD Name Ticker CUSIP. rate,
| INTECH U.S, CORE FDCLC JLCCX  47103C209 1.00% 0.00% NA NS
2 INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL I JRMGX = 47103A823 0.10% 0.10% NA NF
3 JANUS BALANCED FD CL A JDBAX  47103C506 0.35% 0.10% NA N
4 JANUS BALANCED FD CLI JBALX 471030704 0.10% 0.10% NA NW
$ JANUS BALANCED FD CLS JABRX 471030886 x 0.50% 0.10% NA N
6 JANUS BALANCED FD CLC JABCX  47103C605 1.00% 0.00% NA N
7 JANUS BALANCED FD CLR JDBRX 47103C803 0.75% 0.15% NA NW
8 JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLR JCNRX 47103C845 x 0.75% 0.15% NA NA
9 JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLA JCNAX  47103C878 0.35% 0.10% NA N
10 JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL C JCNCX  47103C860 1.00% 0.00% NA N
W JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL S JCNIX 47103C837 x 0.50% 0.10% NA N
12 JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL! JCONX 471030852 0.10% 0.10% NA N
13 JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL! JFLEX 471030746 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
14 JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL S JADFX 471030720 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NF
IS JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLA JOFAX =. 47103C761 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
16 JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLC JFICX 47103C753 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
17 JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLR JDFRX  47103C738 0.75% 0.15% NA NA
18 JANUS FORTY FD CLC JACCX 47103A666 1.00% 0.00% NA NF
19. JANUS FORTY FD CLS JARTX  47103A633 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
20, JANUS FORTY FD CLI JCAPX  47103A658 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
21 JANUS FORTY FD CLR JDCRX 47103A641 x 0.75% 0.15% NA ON
22 JANUS FORTY FD CLA JDCAX 47103A674 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
23 JANUS FORTY FD CL T JACTX  47103A625 0.35% 0.00% NA NF
24 JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLI JERIX 47103A583 0.10% 0.10% NA NF
25 JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLS JERSX 47103A575 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
26. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CL C JERCX  47103A591 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
27 JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLA JERAX  47103A617 0.35% 0.10% NA NF
28. JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CL T JERTX  47103A567 0.35% 0.00% NA NA
29 JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLA JATAX =. 471023358 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
30 JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL C JAGCX 471023341 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
31 JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL! JATIX 471023333 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
32 JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL S JATSX 471023325 x 0.50% 0.10% NA NA
33 JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLA JFNAX 471023481 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
34 JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLC JFNCX = 471023473 1.00% 0.00% NA NF
35 JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL! JFNIX 471023465 0.10% 0.10% NA ON
36, JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLS JFNSX 471023457 x 0.50% 0.10% NA ON
37 PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLA JPPAX 471023440 0.35% 0.10% NA NA
38 PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL C JPPCX 471023432 1.00% 0.00% NA NA
39 PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL! JPPIX 471023424 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
40. PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL S JPPSX 471023416 x 0.50% 0.10% NA ONS
4 JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL | JGINX 47103C639 0.10% 0.10% NA NA

9 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4ECO0-81B5-97C5A76F5FSE

42
43
44
45,
46
47
48
49
50.
St
52.
53
54
55
56
57
58
39
60,
ol
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
7
72
74
75.
16
77
78.
79
80
81
82
83.
84

86
87
88.
89
90.
9

JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL C
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL A
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLR
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL S
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLA

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLS

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLC

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLR

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLI

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLA

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLS

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL!
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLC
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLA

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLI

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLC

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLR

JANUS FUND CLS

JANUS FUND CLA

JANUS FUND CLR

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FO CLR
JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLR

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLS

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLA

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLI
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLS
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLC
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLR
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLC
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLA
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLR
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLS
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLI
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL S
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLC
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLA
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL T
JANUS RESEARCH FD CLA

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL C

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL S

JANUS RESEARCH FO CLI

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FDCLA
JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL C
JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL S
JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL!
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FO CLA
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FD CLC
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FD CLS

JGICX
JDNAX
JONRX
JADGX
JHYAX
JDHYX
JDHCX
JHYRX
JRMCX
JRSAX
JIGRX
JNEX
JCIEX
JDIAX
JIGFX
JIGCX
JDIRX
JGORX
JDGAX
JDGRX
JDPRX
JOMRX
JGRTX
JDMAX
JMVAX
JDPAX
JORIX
JORAX
JORCX
JORRX
JCSCX
JDSAX
JDSRX
JISCX
JAPIX
JAPSX
JAPCX
JAPAX
JPLTX
JRAAX
JRACX
JRASX
JRAIX
JSHAX
JSHCX
JSHSX
JSHIX
JGCAX
JGCCX
JGCSX

47103C647
47103C654
47103C621
47103C613
47103C597
47103C555
47103C589
47103C563
471030308
47103A732
471030449
47103A534
47103A542
471030480
471030464
47103C472
47103C456
47103C662
47103C712
47103C670
47103C233
47103C787
47103C779
47103C829
471030241
47103C266
47103C498
47103C548
47103C530
47103C514
471030191
471030217
471030175
471030167
47103A286
47103A278
47103A294
471034310
47103A260
471023317
471023291

471023275

471023283

471023267

471023259
471023234

471023242
47103A500
47103A609
47103A807

1.00%
0.35%
x 0.75%
x 0.50%
0.35%
x 0.50%
1.00%
0.75%
0.10%
0.35%
x 0.50%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.10%
1.00%
x 0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.75%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.10%
0.35%
x 0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
1.00%
0.35%
x 0.75%
x 0.50%
0.10%
x 0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
x 0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1,00%
x 0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
x 0.50%

x

x «KK x

0.00%
0.10%
0. 15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.15%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.00%
0.10%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%

Confidential Information

ZSESESESESESESESESESES

SESSESEES

Z2z222 ZzZzZ2z 2
ZSSZEEEETE EE

ESESE

SESES

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4EC0-81B5-97CSA76F5F9E

92
93
94,
93
6
97
98.
99.
100
101
102
103
104,
105
106
107
108.
109,
110.
i
112
113
ld,
HS
116.
17
118
19
120.
121
122
123
124,
125
126.
127
128
129
130.
131
132
133.
134
135
136,
137
138.
139.
140,
141

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FD CLI
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD CLC
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FO CLS
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD CLI
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE FD CLC
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE FD CLS
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE FD CLI
JANUS TRITON FD CLA

JANUS TRITON FD CLC

JANUS TRITON FD CLR

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL |

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLA

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLS

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLR

JANUS FUND CL C

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLC

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLI

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL C

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLS

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL C

JANUS BALANCED FD CL T

JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLT

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL T

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL T

JANUS FUND CL T

JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL T

PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL T

JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL T

JANUS GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FD CL T
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL T

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FO CLT

INTECH U.S. CORE FOCLA

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLS

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CLA

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL C

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CLS

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL T

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CL T

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLL

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL T

JANUS MONEY MARKET FD CL T

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLT

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL T

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL T

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL T

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL L

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL T

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE FD CL T

JGCIX
JMOAX
JMOCX
JMOSX
JMOIX
JCAAX
JCACKX
JCASX
JCAIX
JGMAX
JGMCX
JGMRX
JWWFX
JDWAX
JWGRX
JDWRX
JGOCX
JGRCX
JMGRX
JMVCX
JMVIX
JWWCX
JABAX
JSVAX
JAENX
JAFIX
JANSX
JAGLX
JSGVAX
JAGTX
JAGXX
JAGIX
JAHYX
JDOAX
JLCIX
JDRAX
JCGCX
JCGIX
JORTX
JRMSX
JMIVX
JMCVX
JAMXX
JORNX
JAOSX
JAMRX
JASBX
JSIVX
JSCVX
JSPCX

47103A708
47103A880
47103A872
47103A856
47103A864
47103A104
47103A203
47103A401

47103A302
47103C373
471030365
47103C340
47103C290
471030324
47103C274
47103C282
47103C696
47103811
47103C795
47103C258
47103C225
47103C316
471023879
471023655
471023804
471023606
471023101

471023671

471023622

471023663
471023820
471023200
471023762
471030100
47103C407
47103A849
47103A831

47103A815
47103A799
471023556
471023580
471023598
471023838
471023648
471023846
471023853
471023887
471023564
471023572

471023499

x «MK KK KK

x

x «mK OK bad

x

0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
x 0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1,00%
x 0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
x 0.75%
0.10%
0.35%
x 0.50%
0.75%
1.00%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
x 0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
x 0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
x 0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
na
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
na
0.35%
0.35%

0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.35%

Confidential Information

SESE

2z
>>

ZSESSTESESSSSSSSSESSSSSES

ZSSESESESESSSESESESE
z ZZZEZETETTTTESTETTETEZ

z
>

Ne

z

eetzz2zz2ze2e222Z2€

z

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4EC0-81B5-97C5A76F5F9E

143
144
145
146
147
148,
149
150
151
182
153
154
135
156
157
158.
159
160.
161
162
163
164
165
166
167
168
169
170.
71
172
174
175
176.
77
178
179.
180
18t
182
183
184
185
186
187
188.
189
190.
191

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD CL T
JANUS TRITON FD CL T

JANUS TWENTY FD CL T

JANUS VENTURE FO CL T

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL T

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLI

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL!

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLI

JANUS FUND CLI

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLI

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL |

JANUS TRITON FD CLI

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL S

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL C

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CLA

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL T

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLS

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLC

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLT

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLS

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLA

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FO CLR

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL T

JANUS TRITON FD CLS

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL!

JANUS VENTURE FD CLI

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLI

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FO CLI

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GROWTH FD CL!
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLI

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLI

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLA

JANUS VENTURE FD CLA

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLA

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLA

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GROWTH FD CLA
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLA

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLA

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL C

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL C

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FO CL C

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GROWTH FD CL C
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CL C

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLC

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL T

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL T

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL T

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GROWTH FD CL T
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CL T

JSPMX
JATTX
JAVLX
JAVTX
JAWWX
JHYFX
JMIIX
JRSIX
JGROX
JORFX
JSCOX
JSMGX
JMISX
JMICX
JMIAX
JRMTX
JRSSX
JRSCX
JRSTX
JSIEX
JAIEX
JRIEX
JAITX
JGMIX
JPVIX
JVTIX
JMFIX
JGBIX
JPGIX
JURIX
JAQIX
JPVAX
JVTAX
JMFAX
JGBAX
JPGAX
JURAX
JAQAX
JPVCX
JMFCX
JGBCX
JPTCX
JURCX
JAQCX
JPVTX
JMFTX
JHBTX
JPGTX
JURTX

471023515
471023549
471023408
471023507
471023309
47103C571
47103A765
47103A716
47103C688
471030522
471030183
47103C357
47103A757
47103A773
47103A781
47103A740
47103A690
47103A724
47103A682
47103A450
47102A559
47103A526
47103A492
47103C332
47103E585
47103E395
47103E528
47103E452
47103A153
47103A229
47103E346
47103E627
47103E429
47103E551
47103E486
47103A187
47103A252
47103E379
47103E619
47103E544
47103E478
47103A179
47103A245
47103E361
47103E569
47103E494
47103E437
47103A138
47103A211

x x KK

x «KKK OK

v.00 70
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
x 0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
x 0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
x 0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.35%
x 0.50%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

v.097%
0.35%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

Confidential Information

NA
NA
NA

SSSEE

Zz zZzZEZZEZ
r>rPrrPrPre> >

ZESFSESESTSSESESSSSSSSSESESESESS

zZzzzeeececeeeceeceeceeeezeezeE

222
>rP

Nw
Ns
Ns

222

NA
NA
Ne
NA
NA
Ne
Ns
Ne
Ns

NA
Ne
NA
NA
N
NA
Ns
NA

zzz

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4EC0-81B5-97C5A76F5F9E

235

238
239.
240.
241

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLS

JANUS REAL RETURN FD CL S

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GROWTH FD CLS
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL S

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLS

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL S

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLA

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES — GLOBAL FD CLA
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CLA

JANUS BALANCED FD CLIN

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLN

JANUS FORTY FD CLN

JANUS FUND CL N

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL N

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLIN

PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLIN

PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL N

JANUS VENTURE FD CLN

JANUS TRITON FD CLIN

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FO CLN

JANUS RESEARCH FD CLN

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLIN

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLIN

INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL |

INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL C

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLI

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLC

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GLOBAL FD CLI
JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GLOBAL FD CLC
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CLS

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLS

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GLOBAL FD CL S
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL T

INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL T

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GLOBAL FD CLT

JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CL T
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLS

JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLI
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CL C

JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLA
JANUS ENTERPRISE FUND CLASS N

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLIN

JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FUND CL N
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FUND CL N

JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CL A
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CL C
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CLI
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CL N
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CL S
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CL T

JAQSX
JURSX
JPTSX
JMFSX
JGBSX
JPVSX
JVSAX
JGSAX
JGDAX
JABNX
JDFNX
JFRNX
JDGNX
JDSNX
JDPNX
JPLNX
JPPNX
JSVTNX
JGMNX
JSHNX
JRANX
JDINX
JNIEX
JGDIX
JGDCX
JVSIX
JVSCX
JGSIX
JIGGCX
JGDSX
JSVSX
JGSSX
JSVTX
JOGTX
JGSTX
JDATX
JDASX
JDAIX
JDDCX
JDDAX
JOMNX
JHYNX
JDANX
JGLNX
JMUAX
JMUCX
JMUIX
JMTNX
JMUSX
JMUTX

47103E338
47103A237
47103A416
47103E510
47103E445
47103577
47103E239
47103E312
471030159
471030108
47103D504
47103D603
47103D702
47103D728
47103D744
471030751
471030769
471030785
471030793
471030819
471030827
471030835
471030843
471030126
47103C142
47103E197
47103E221
47103E270
47103E296
47103C118
47103E189
47103E262
47103E171
47103E247
47103E254
471030637
471030645
47103D660
47103D686
47103D694
47103D405
47103D850
47103D652
471030801
471030546
471030538
471030512
471030496
471030488
471030470

x «x MOK

0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
x 0.50%
0.50%
x 0.50%

0.35%

0.35%

0.35%

0.35%
x 0.50%

0.10%

1,00%

0.35%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.35%

1.00%

0.10%

0.00%
x 0.50%
0.35%

x KK KK OK

<

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%

Confidential Information

FSSSSSSSSSSSSSESESSESSSSESSSSSSESESESESESESESESSESESE

ZZZZF<SSSFEFSSZTEFZZE!SY

N

z<€

ZZFSTSTSSSSSSSSSSSSS SEZ 2222224

DocuSign Envelope ID: D9E4B3EF-DF1F-4EC0-81B5-97C5A76F5F9E
ae une A

243.

244,

245,
246.
247.
248
249.
250.

251.

252.

253

254,

255
256.
257
258.
259
260.
261
262.
263.

VINGUING TRAINED BUND FUND UL
JANUS UNCONSTRAINED BOND FUND CL C
JANUS UNCONSTRAINED BOND FUND CLI
JANUS UNCONSTRAINED BOND FUND CL N
JANUS UNCONSTRAINED BOND FUND CL S
JANUS UNCONSTRAINED BOND FUND CL T
JANUS VENTURE FD CLC
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CL T
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL T
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLN
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLN
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLN
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL N
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLIN
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLN
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL S
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL T
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL N
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CLI
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FUND CLA
JANUS VENTURE FD CLS

For purposes of fund availability to the Brokerage Channels, the parties acknowledge and agree that the term

JUCAX
JUCCX
JUCIX
JUCNX
JUCSK
JUTCX
JVTCX
JAQTX
JCNNX
JMFNX
JDWNX
JSLNX
JDNNX
JVSNX
JPVNX
SIFSX
JSIFTX
JIFNX
JIFIX
JIFCX
JIFAX

47103D462
47013D454
47103D439
471030421
471030413
47103D397
47103E411
47103E320
471023655
47103D306
471030777
47103D876
471030868
471030736
471030710
471030561
471030553
47103D579
47103D587
471030611
471030629
47103E387

0.35%
1.00%
0.10%
0.00%
x 0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.50%
0.35%
0.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.50%

0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%

“investment adviser” or “adviser” is intended to include registered investment advisers, third party administrators,

banks, trust departments, and family office clients. If a fund is designated as “NTF to Advisers Only” on this
Exhibit C, the fund may be made available under the No Transaction Fee Fund Program to Correspondents for

managed accounts. Fund/Agent acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make Class I shares of funds available to

family office clients unless Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary. Fund/Agent further acknowledges and
agrees that FBS will make fund shares available on a load-waived basis to accounts maintained for employee

benefit plans and fee-based accounts maintained through investment advisers unless the Fund/Agent notifies FBS

to the contrary.

"With Tespect to the purchase of Class N shares, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Funds' Prospectus,
NFS or its affiliates may allow the purchase of Class N shares by the Janus Capital Group Inc. Mutual Fund Share
Investment Plan. The foregoing is not intended to authorize NFS or its affiliates to allow the purchase of Class N

shares by account types not eligible under the terms of the Prospectus.”

Confidential Information

SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSEE EEE
zfezZzzeezezeztzezzezzzzeze

DocuSign Envelope ID: BE43EAA1-CC26-4B3C-A147-1FE0752E52CB

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, effective as of December 1, 2014, is by and among National Financial
Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), Janus Distributors LLC ("Distributor") and Janus Services LLC
(‘Janus Services"). Distributor and Janus Services shall be collectively referred to as “Fund/Agent”;

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, NFS, FBS, FIIOC and Fund/Agent entered into a Services Agreement dated April
1, 2009 (the “Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative services provided to beneficial owners of
shares of mutual funds or other investment products associated with Fund/Agent; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the relevant
sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Restating in its entirety Exhibit C as attached hereto.

(signature page follows)

1 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope !D: BE43EAA1-CC26-4B3C-.

A147-1FE0752E52CB

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date

first above written.

 

Janus Distributors LLC

By:
Name: Michael D. Elder

Title: President

 

Janus Services LLC

~

\
By:

 

Date: \ ecennlboer. \Lo. Ror

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (solely with
respect to Articles I and III) Member NYSE, SIPC

DocuSigned by

By: Busey Grou

 

 

Name: Betsel! Grover
Title: vice President
Date: 12/16/2014

Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations
Company, Inc. (solely with respect to Articles 1]
and III)

DocuSigned by
[fall Tiler
“BZ570G4E5

Rachel Toler

 

 

 

 

Nv

Name: Michael D. Elder Name:

Title: ce alee Vice President Title: ‘svP

Date: ~ Dece rinen, \le, Dare Date: 12/16/2014
| _|

National Financial Services LLC (solely with
respect to Articles I and III) Member NYSE, SIPC

DocuSigned by:
(hartic Erromia
By: 5 _

Charlie Geremia

Title: vp

Date: 12/16/2014

Name:

 

Confidential Information

 

awe

33
34
435
36

37

EXHIBIT C

 

Fund Information

Legal FD Name
INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLC
INTECH U.S, GROWTH FD CL |
JANUS BALANCED FD CLA
JANUS BALANCED FD CL!
JANUS BALANCED FD CLS
JANUS BALANCED FD CL C
JANUS BALANCED FD CLR
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLR
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLA
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL C
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLS
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLI
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLI
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLS
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLA
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLC
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLR
JANUS FORTY FD CL C
JANUS FORTY FD CLS
JANUS FORTY FD CLI
JANUS FORTY FD CLR
JANUS FORTY FD CLA
JANUS FORTY FD CLT
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLI
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLS
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLC
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLT
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL C
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLI
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLS
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLC
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL!
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLS
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLA
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL |
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLS
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLI
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL C
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLA

Ticker
JLCCX
JRMGX
JDBAX
JBALX
JABRX
JABCX
JDBRX
JCNRX
JCNAX
JCNCX
JCNIX
JCONX
JFLEX
JADFX
JDFAX
JFICX
JDFRX
JACCX
JARTX
JCAPX
JDCRX
JDCAX
JACTX
JERIX
JERSX
JERCX
JERAX
JERTX
JATAX
JAGCX
JATIX
JATSX
JFNAX
JFNCX
JFNIX
JFNSX
JPPAX
JPPCX
JPPIX
JPPSX
JGINX
JGICX
JDNAX

CUSIP,
47103C209
47103A823
47103C506
47103C704
47103C886
47103C605
47103C803
47103C845
47103C878
47103C860
47103C837
47103C852
47103C746
47103C720
47103C761
47103C753
47103C738
47103A666
47103A633
47103A658
47103A641
47103A674
47103A625
47103A583
47103A575
47103A591
47103A617
47103A567
471023358
471023341
471023333
471023325
471023461
471023473
471023465
471023457
471023440
471023432
471023424
471023416
47103C639
47103C647
47103C654

Participation

FIOC
Channel
Asset
Brokerage s | Based
Channels Fee

1,00%
0.10%
0.35%
0.10%
x 0.50%
1.00%
0.75%
x 0.75%
0.35%
1.00%
x 0.50%
0.10%
0.10%
x 0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
1.00%
x 0.50%
0.10%
xX 0.75%
0.35%
0.35%
0.10%
x 0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
0.10%
x 0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.10%
x 0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.10%
x 0.50%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%

REN
Fee
(applicable
to
Brokerage
Channel

FIOC

 

Channel
Redemption
Fee
(minimum
hold/ fee
rate)

NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA
NA NA

Confidential Information

JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLR

JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLS

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLA

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLS

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLC

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLR

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLI

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLA

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLS

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL!

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLC
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLA

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLI

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLC

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLR

JANUS FUND CLS

JANUS FUND CL A

JANUS FUND CLR

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLR

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLR

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLS

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLA

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLI

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLA

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLS

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLA

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLC

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLR

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL C

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLA

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLR

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLS

PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL!

PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLS

PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLC

PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLA

PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLT

JANUS RESEARCH FD CLA

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL C

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL S

JANUS RESEARCH FD CLI

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLA

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLC

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL S

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLI

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FDCLA
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FD CLC
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FDCLS
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FDCLI
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FDCLA

JDNRX
JADGX
JHYAX
JDHYX
JDHCX
JHYRX
JRMCX
JRSAX
JIGRX
JIEX
JCIEX
JDIAX
JIGFX
JIGCX
JDIRX
JGORX
JDGAX
JDGRX
JDPRX
JDMRX
JGRTX
JDMAX
JMVAX
JDPAX
JORIX
JORAX
JORCX
JORRX
JCSCX
JDSAX
JDSRX
JISCX
JAP IX
JAPSX
JAPCX
JAPAX
JPLTX
JRAAX
JRACK
JRASX
JRAIX
JSHAX
JSHCX
JSHSX
JSHIX
JGCAX
JGCCX
JGCSX
JIGCIX
JMOAX

47103C621
47103C613
47103C597
47103C555
47103C589
471030563
471030308
47103A732
47103C449
47103A534
47103A542
47103C480
471030464
47103C472
471030456
471030662
47103C712
47103C670
47103C233
47103C787
47103C779
47103C829
471030241
47103C266
47103C498
471030548
47103C530
47103C514
471030191
471030217
471030175
471030167
47103286
471034278
47103A294
47103A310
471034260
471023317

471023291

471023275
471023283
471023267
471023259
471023234
471023242
47103A500
47103A609
4T103A807
47103A708
47103A880

Be

x «kK OX

0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.75%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.10%
1.00%
075%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.75%
0.75%
0.50%
0.35%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
1.00%
0.35%
0.75%
0.50%
0.10%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%

0. 15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.15%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.00%
0.10%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

NA

zz
> >

SSSSSSSESSSSSSS SS SESE SSS

zz
> >

ZSSSSSESESSSSSSESESESSES

z
>

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA

SESSSSSSSESSS ESS

NA
NA
NA
NA

5

SSSSSESESSESSESS

zzz
> b> >

Confidential Information

4

116.

140.
iat
142
143

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD CLC
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD CLS
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD CL!
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE FO CL C
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE FD CLS
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE FD CL!
JANUS TRITON FD CLA

JANUS TRITON FD CL C

JANUS TRITON FO CLR

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL |

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLA

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLS

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLR

JANUS FUND CLC

JANUS ENTERPRISE FO CLC

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLI

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLC

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLS

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL C

JANUS BALANCED FD CL T

JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL T

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL T

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL T

JANUS FUND CL T

JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL T

PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL T

JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL T

JANUS GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FD CLT
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLT

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL T

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLA

INTECH U.S. CORE FDCLS

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CLA

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CL C

INTECH U.S. GROWTH FD CLS

INTECH U.S GROWTH FD CL T

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLT

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLL

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLT

JANUS MONEY MARKET FDCLT

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FDCLT

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLT

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL T

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL T

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLL

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL T

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE FO CLT
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FD CLT
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD CLT

JMOCX
JMOSX
JMOIX
JCAAX
JCACK
JCASX
JCAIX
JGMAX
JGMCX
JGMRX
JWWFX
JDWAX
JWGRX
JDWRX
JGOCX
JGRCX
JMGRX
JMVCX
JMVIX
JWWCX
JABAX
JSVAX
JAENX
JAFIX
JANSX
JAGLX
JGVAX
JAGTX
JAGXX
JAGIX
JAHYX
JDOAX
JLCIX
JDRAX
JCGCX
JCGIX
JDRTX
JRMSX
JMIVX
JMCVX
JAMXX
JORNX
JAOSX
JAMRX
JASBX
JSIVX
JSCVX
JSPCX
JSPGX
JSPMX

47103A872
47103A856
47103A864
47103A104
47103A203
47103A401
47103A302
47103C373
47103C365
47103C340
471030290
471030324
47103C274
47103C282
47103C696
47103C811
47103C795
47103C258
47103C225
47103C316
471023879
471023655
471023804
471023606
471023101

471023671

471023622
471023663
471023820
471023200
471023762
47103C100
47103C407
47103A849
47103A8314
47103A815
47103A799
471023556
471023580
471023598
471023838
471023648
471023846
471023853
471023887
471023564
471023572
471023499
471023523
471023515

x «MK RK KK OK

Bd

x «KK OM

x KK OK

1.00%
050%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.10%
0.35%
1.00%
0.75%
0.10%
0.35%
0.50%
0.75%
1.00%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
035%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%

na
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

na
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.15%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.15%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

NA

SSSSSSESSESESE

NA
NA

SESE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SSSSE

NA

NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SSSEEE

SSSSSSSSSSSSSESSESEE

zz
> >

SSSSSSESESESE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

Confidential Information

144
145
146
147
148
149
150
151

163,
164
165
166
167
168
169
170,
71
172

174
175

176

178.
179
180
18t
182
183
184
18s
186.
187
188
189.
190,
191
192

193

JANUS TRITON FD CL T

JANUS TWENTY FD CLT

JANUS VENTURE FD CLT

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL T
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLI

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CLI
INTECH U.S, VALUE FD CLI

JANUS FUND CL |

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FO CL!
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLI
JANUS TRITON FD CLI

INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL S
INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL C
INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CLA
INTECH INTERNATIONAL FD CL T
INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLS

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLC

INTECH U.S. VALUE FD CLT

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL S
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLA
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLR
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL T
JANUS TRITON FD CLS

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLI
JANUS VENTURE FD CLI

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLI
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLI

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GROWTH FD CL |
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLI

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLI

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLA
JANUS VENTURE FD CLA

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLA
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLA

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GROWTH FD CLA
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLA

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLA

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL C
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLC
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLC

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GROWTH FD CLC
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLC

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLC

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL T
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL T
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL T

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GROWTH FD CL T
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CL T

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLS

JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLS

JATTX
JAVLX
JAVTX
JAWWX
JHYFX
JMUIX
IRSIX
JGROX
JORFX
JSCOX
JSMGX
JMISX
JMICX
JMIAX
JRMTX
JRSSX
JRSCX
JRSTX
JSIEX
JAIEX
JRIEX
JAITX
JGMIX
JPVIX
JVTIX
JMFIX
JGBIX
JPGIX
JURIX
JAQIX
JPVAX
JVTAX
JIMFAX
JGBAX
JPGAX
JURAX
JAQAX
JPVCX
JMFCX
JGBCX
JPTCX
JURCX
JAQCX
JIPVTX
JMFTX
JHBTX
JPGTX
JURTX
JAQSX
JURSX

471023549
471023408
471023507
471023309
47103C571
47103A765
47103A716
47103C688
47103C522
471030183
47103C357
47103A757
47103A773
47103A781
47103A740
47103A690
47103A724
47103A682
47103A450
47102A559
47103A526
47103A492
471030332
47103E585
47103E395
47103E528
47103E452
47103A153
47103A229
47103E346
47103E627
47103E429
47103E551
47103E486
47103A 187
47103A252
47103E379
47103E619
471036544
47103E478
47103A179
47103A245
47103E361
47103E569
47103E494
47103E437
47103A138
47103A211
47103E338
47103A237

x «KK x

x «x KK Xx

0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
050%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
1.00%
0.35%
0.50%
0.35%
0.75%
0.35%
0.50%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
0.50%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
015%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

SSSSESSESSESSSS ESE

NA
NA
NA

NA

NA
NA
NA
NA

SEES

NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA

SSESEE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA

NA
NA

ca

NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

Confidential Information

194
195
196
197
198.
199

 

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GROWTH FD CLS
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL S

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL S

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLS

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLA

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES ~ GLOBAL FD CLA
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CLA

JANUS BALANCED FD CL.N

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLN

JANUS FORTY FD CLN

JANUS FUND CL N

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL.N

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLN

PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLN

PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLIN

JANUS VENTURE FD CLN

JANUS TRITON FD CLIN

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLN

JANUS RESEARCH FD CLN

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLN

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLN

INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL |

INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL C

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL!

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLC

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GLOBAL FD CLI
JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GLOBAL FD CLC
INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CLS

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLS

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GLOBAL FD CLS
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL T

INTECH GLOBAL DIVIDEND FD CL T

JANUS PRESERVATION SERIES - GLOBAL FD CLT
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CL T
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLS
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLI
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLC
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLA
JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLASS N

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL N

JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CLN
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLN

JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FD CLA

JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FD CLC

JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FD CL!

JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FD CLN

JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FD CLS

JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FD CL T

JANUS UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLA

JANUS UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL C

JPTSX
JMFSX
JGBSX
JPVSX
JVSAX
JGSAX
JGDAX
JABNX
JDFNX
JFRNX
JDGNX
JDSNX
JDPNX
JPLNX
JPPNX
JVTNX
JGMNX
JSHNX
JRANX
JDINX
JINIEX
JGDIX
JGOCX
JVSIX
JVSCX
JGSIX
JGGCX
JGDSX
JSVSX
JGSSX
JSVTX
JDGTX
JGSTX
JDATX
JDASX
JDAIX
JDDCX
JDDAX
JDMNX
JHYNX
JDANX
JGLNX
JMUAX
JMUCX
JMUIX
JMTNX
JMUSX
JMUTX
JUCAX
JUCCX

47103A416
47103E510
47103E445
47103E577
47103E239
47103E312
47103C 159
47103D108
47103D504
47103D603
471030702
47103D728
47103D744
47103D751
47103D769
47103D785
47103D793
47103D819
47103D827
471030835
471030843
47103C126
471030142
47103E197
47103E221
47103E270
47103E296
471030118
47103E189
47103E262
471036171
47103E247
47103E254
47103D637
47103D645
47103D660
471030686
47103D694
47103D405
471030850
47103D652
47103D801
471030546
47103D538
471030512
47703D496
471030488
47103D470
47103D462
470130454

x «x x x

x «x KK

0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
035%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
010%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.50%
0.50%
0.50%
0.35%
035%
0.35%
0.35%
0.50%
010%
1.00%
0.35%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.35%
1.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.50%
0.35%
0.35%
1.00%

010%
010%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
9.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
9.90%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
010%
9.00%
0.10%
0.00%
010%
0.00%
010%
0.00%

5

SSESS SESS SSS SSS SS SEE

Zzz2z22z222z22z
>>> FP SED DY

ESEE

zz
> b

EEEE

ZZEZ2ZEE EE
>>> rere De YE

NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA
NA

ESSSSSSSSSSSSSS EE

ZzzZzz22z22z
>SSss b

ESSSESESE

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

Confidential Information

262

JANUS UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL I
JANUS UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLN
JANUS UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL S
JANUS UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL T
JANUS VENTURE FD CLC

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CL T

JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL T

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLN
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLIN
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLN

JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLN
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLN
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLIN
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CLS
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL T
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CLIN
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL)
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL A
JANUS VENTURE FD CLS

INTECH US. CORE FOCLN

INTECH U.S. VALUE FO CLN

For purposes of fund availability to the Brokerage Channels, the parties acknowledge and agree that the term
“investment adviser” or “adviser” is intended to include registered investment advisers, third party administrators,
banks, trust departments, and family office clients. If a fund is designated as “NTF to Advisers Only” on this

JUCIX
JUCNX
JUCSX
JUTCX
JVTCX
JAQTX
JCNNX
JMFNX
JDWNX
JSLNX
JDNNX
JVSNX
JPVNX
JIFSX
JIFTX
JIFNX
JIFIX
JIFCX
JIFAX
JVTSX
JRCNX
JRSNX

47103D439
471030421
471030413
47103D397
47103E411
47103E320
471023655
47103D306
47103D777
47103D876
47103D868
47103D736
471030710
471030561
471030553
47103D579
47103D587
471030611
471030629
47103E387
47103E148
47103E122

0.10%
0.00%
0.50%
0.35%
1.00%
0.35%
0.35%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.50%
0.35%
0.00%
0.10%
1.00%
0.35%
0.50%
0.00%
0.00%

0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.00%
0.00%

NA
NA
NA

SSSESESE

NA
NA
NA

NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA

Exhibit C, the fund may be made available under the No Transaction Fee Fund Program to Correspondents for

managed accounts. Fund/Agent acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make Class I shares of funds available to
family office clients unless Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary. Fund/Agent further acknowledges and
agrees that FBS will make fund shares available on a load-waived basis to accounts maintained for employee
benefit plans and fee-based accounts maintained through investment advisers unless the Fund/Agent notifies FBS

to the contrary.

' With respect to the purchase of Class N shares, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Funds’ Prospectus,
NFS or its affiliates may allow the purchase of Class N shares by the Janus Capital Group Inc. Mutual Fund Share
Investment Plan. The foregoing is not intended to authorize NFS or its affiliates to allow the purchase of Class N
shares by account types not eligible under the terms of the Prospectus.”

NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA

NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA

Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, dated and effective as of August 1, 2016, is by and among National
Financial Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity Investments
Institutional Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), and Janus Distributors LLC, and Janus Services LLC
(together, “Fund/Agent”). NFS, FBS and FIIOC are collectively referred to herein as “Fidelity”.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Fidelity and Fund/Agent entered into a Services Agreement dated April 1, 2009 (as
amended from time to time, the “Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative services provided to
beneficial owners of shares of mutual funds associated with Fund/Agent;

WHEREAS, the Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted amendments (the
“Amendments”) to Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 with respect to the operation of
mutual funds that are money market funds;

WHEREAS, Fidelity provides certain services to Fund/Agent with respect to money market
funds; and

WHEREAS, in light of the Amendments and to allow for compliance therewith, the parties now
desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the relevant sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and for good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Adding the following recital as paragraph D of the Recitals and relettering paragraphs D, E, and
F, as E, F, and G: “Fidelity provides money market fund processing services, as set forth in
Exhibit K”.

(2) Adding the following new or restated terms to the Definitions:

a. “Fund” or “Funds” means one or more series or class of shares of any open end
investment company registered under the 1940 Act and set forth on Exhibit C, or
otherwise contemplated by this Agreement. For purposes of the “Brokerage
Channels”, “FIOC Channel” and Common Provisions” articles of this
Agreement, the term “Fund” shall be deemed to include “Money Market Fund”,
to the extent applicable, unless specifically stated otherwise.

b. “Money Market Fund” means any registered investment company that holds
itself out as a money market fund as defined by Rule 2a-7 under the 1940 Act,
for which Fidelity provides the money market fund processing services set forth
in Exhibit K.

Cc. “NAV” means net asset value.

d. “SEC” means Securities and Exchange Commission.

1 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

(3) Amending Article One (Brokerage Channels) as follows:

a.

Adding the following sentence to the end of Section I (C.) (Transaction
Processing and Settlement): “In addition to the foregoing, the transaction
processing and settlement of Money Market Funds shall be subject to the
terms of Exhibit K.”

Adding the following Section I (K.) (Money Market Fund Services): “The

services offered by NFS under this Agreement include fund processing for
Money Market Funds, as set forth in Exhibit K.”

Adding the following Section I (L.) Reconciliation Support):

“For each omnibus house account, Fund/Agent shall, generally at the Close of
Trading each Business Day (but in no event later than 6:00 AM EST on the
following Business Day), provide Fidelity directly with secure transmissions
detailing all settled house account activity as of that Business Day (i.e., trades,
corrections, dividends payments, transfers, corporate actions or other
information reasonably required for an accurate reconciliation) and closing
house account position balances. These transmissions shall be formatted per
industry standard reconciliation file layouts (e.g. provided as DST ‘TIP’ files,
BNY ‘DLZ’ files) or as defined by Fidelity standard layouts or in another
mutually agreed upon file type. Fund/Agent shall make available to Fidelity

a web portal where Fidelity may view its house account activity and balance
data (e.g. DST Vision, BNY Advisor Central).

For Shares held in NSCC Fund/SERV Networking Level 3 accounts, in addition
to the transmissions details above, Fund/Agent will provide daily account
activity and daily position balances in accordance with current standard NSCC
Networking layouts.”

Restating Section II. (Compensation) in its entirety as follows: “For services
provided under Article One, NFS and FBS shall be entitled to the fees set forth
in Exhibits A and C attached to this Agreement, as said Exhibits may be
amended from time to time.”

Adding the following sentence to the end of subsection (E.) (Redemption
Fees) in Section IV. (Miscellaneous): “For the avoidance of doubt, Money
Market Fund Liquidity Fees (as defined in the Fund Notices provisions of this
Agreement) are not redemption fees for purposes of this Agreement.”

 

(4) Amending Article Two (FITOC Channel) as follows:

a.

Adding the following sentence to the end of Section V. (Trade Reporting and
Settlement): “In addition to the foregoing, the trade reporting and
settlement of Money Market Funds shall be subject to the terms of Exhibit K.”

Restating Section IX. (Compensation) in its entirety as follows: “For its
services under Article Two, FIIOC shall be entitled to the fees set forth in
Exhibits A and C attached to this Agreement, as said Exhibit may be amended
from time to time.”

N

Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

Adding the following sentence to the end of Section XIII. (Redemption Fees):
“For the avoidance of doubt, Money Market Fund Liquidity Fees are not

redemption fees for purposes of this Agreement.”

Adding the following Section XV. (Money Market Fund Services): “The
services offered by FIIOC under this Agreement include fund processing for
Money Market Funds, as set forth in Exhibit K.”

 

(5) Amending Article Three (Common Provisions) as follows:

a.

Restating Section I. (E.) (ii) (Representations and Warranties) in its entirety as
follows: “Each party hereto represents and warrants that it shall provide to

the others such information or documentation necessary for such party to
fulfill its obligations hereunder, such other information or documentation

as any party may reasonably request, and that it shall comply with such
operating policies and procedures as the parties may jointly adopt from time
to time. Fidelity’s provisions of additional information or documentation
requested by Fund/Agent and which are not otherwise included within the
services already provided in the Agreement may be subject to additional
fees.”

Adding the following paragraph to the end of subsection (A.) (Fund
Updates) in Section VI (Miscellaneous): “Fund/Agent shall provide notice
to Fidelity of the changes set forth in the Fund Notices provision hereto no
less than sixty (60) days in advance of the effectiveness of the change, or if
that is not feasible, in no event no later than notice is given to any other
shareholder or intermediary client of Fund/Agent. If sufficient advance
notice is not provided, Fund/Agent shall be responsible for any financial
impact to Fidelity, a Shareholder, Participant, or a client that is caused by
failure to give sufficient advance notice to Fidelity.”

(6) Restate Exhibit A (Fee Schedule) in its entirety as attached hereto.

(7) Restating Exhibit C (Funds) in its entirety as attached hereto.

(8) Restating Exhibit I (Fund Notices) in its entirety as attached hereto.

(9) Adding Exhibit K (Money Market Fund Services Exhibit) as attached hereto.

(signature page follows)

3 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1E6826C22

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-87B0-4996-9887-69E1E6826C22

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this amendment as of the date first written above.
By signing below, the undersigned represent that they are authorized to execute this document on behalf
of the respective parties. Notwithstanding any contradictory provision of the agreement that this
document amends, each party may rely without duty of inquiry on the foregoing representation.

 

Janus Distributors LLC Fidelity Reriige Services LLC
Member Yes Pale,

. 736D0389BDC24CF
By: — By: victor Canez

 

 

Name: Michael D. Elder Name: ___

Title: President Title: 8/

Date: Uw — \ Date:

Janus Services LLC National Financial Services LLC

Member NYSE, SIPC
DocuSigned by:
[ Cai Guyunia

6BE45596D4C0483.,

   

By:
Name: \Daol\ Xe © By:

Date: (Vane wad LS Dooly Title:

8/17/2016
Date:

 

 

Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Company, Inc.

[ral Tiler

By:

 

257 H —————
Name: Rachel Tyler
Title: svP

Date: 8/17/2016

 

 

 

 

4 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

EXHIBIT A - FEE SCHEDULE

Part I - Universal Fees

The fees set forth in this Part I apply to both the Brokerage Channels and FITOC Channel:

A. Start Up Fees

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a one-time start up fee (“Start Up Fee”) for Fidelity’s initial set up and
preparation to support a new group or family of Funds as set forth on Exhibit C, which shall be due and
payable to NFS the earlier of: (i) 30 days from the execution of this Agreement; or (ii) the availability of
any such Fund through the Channels.

B. CUSIP Fee

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS a one-time fee (“CUSIP Fee”) upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity to add
any Transaction Fee Fund to the Fidelity System in order to make such Fund available to the

Channels. The amount of the CUSIP Fee is set forth on Exhibit C, however, the fee shall be waived for
No Transaction Fee Funds in the Brokerage Channel, and shall be due and payable to NFS upon the
earlier of: (i) the date such fund is identified on Exhibit C; or (ii) the availability of such Fund to any of
the Channels. The CUSIP Fee shall not apply to any Funds or share classes added solely in connection
with the reorganization of the Funds and or share classes.

c. Money Market Fund Implementation Fee

To the extent Fidelity supports one or more Money Market Funds for Fund/Agent, Fund/Agent shall pay
to Fidelity a one-time implementation fee (“MMF Implementation Fee’’) as set forth on Exhibit C for
Fidelity’s implementation of platforms and support models required for compliance on Fund/Agent’s
behalf with Rule 2a-7 under the 1940 Act, which MMF Implementation Fee shall be due and payable to
Fidelity upon the execution of this Amendment.

Part II - Brokerage Channel Fees

A. Asset-Based Fee

For the services provided to the Brokerage Channels by NFS and FBS hereunder in connection with
those funds indicated on Exhibit C, Fund/Agent shall pay on a monthly basis to NFS a fee equal to the
percent per annum of the daily market value of the total number of shares of such Fund held in accounts
at NFS each calendar month (determined by multiplying the number of such shares times the publicly-
reported net asset value of each share), excluding the value of (i) shares that were held by customers in
a Fidelity brokerage account prior to the effective date of the applicable original agreement superseded
by this Agreement and (ii) shares first placed or purchased in a Fidelity brokerage account after the
termination of the Agreement (the “Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fee”). A subsequent
reclassification of any such shares will not exempt the reclassified shares from the Brokerage Channels
Asset-Based Fee.

5 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

With respect to Transaction Fee Funds, any 12b-1 payments and/or administrative fee payments shall
be transmitted to NFS and NFS shall pay such 12b-1 Fees to FBS or the appropriate Correspondent and
NFS may retain any administrative fees.

For the avoidance of doubt, Fund/Agent will not pay Brokerage Channels Asset-Based Fees on shares
held in Class T shares accounts for funds (JSPCX, JSPGX, and JSPMX) established prior to June 1,
2013 where a per position fee instead is payable on such positions.

B. Position Reimbursement Fees

Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual position reimbursement fee (“Position Fee”) with respect to
each separate Transaction Fee Fund position held in any customer account of FBS or Correspondent as
set forth below.

(i) Networking Per Position Fees for Transaction Fee Funds

(ii)

For each Fund which participates in the NSCC Fund/SERV networking level 3 in a fully-
disclosed manner, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual networking per position
reimbursement fee subject to the schedule set forth in the Summary of Fees above for each
separate Fund position held in any customer account of Fidelity or Correspondent, which fee
shall be calculated and payable in monthly installments in arrears per Fund position upon
receipt of invoice from Fidelity.

Omnibus Fees for Transaction Fee Funds

For each Transaction Fee Fund which does not participate in the NSCC Fund/SERV
networking level 3 system in a fully-disclosed manner, Fund/Agent shall pay to NFS an annual
Transaction Fee Fund per position reimbursement fee (“TF Per Position Fee”) subject to the
tiered structure set forth in Exhibit C for each separate Fund position held in any customer
account of Fidelity or Correspondent, which fee shall be calculated and payable in monthly
installments in arrears per Fund position upon receipt of invoice from Fidelity.

For the avoidance of doubt, Fund/Agent will not pay Position Fees on assets held though the TPA-
retirement Platform.

C. Monthly Minimum Fees

(i) Each Fund which trades in a fully-disclosed manner with NFS will be subject to a per Fund

monthly minimum maintenance fee (“Monthly Minimum Fee”) of $500.00. The Monthly
Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million
(as measured by dividing the total market value of all Brokerage Channel shares subject to this
Agreement as of the current month-end by the total number of Brokerage Channel Funds
subject to this Agreement). The Monthly Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of
Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during the same period.

(ii) Each non-NTF Fund which trades in an omnibus manner with NFS will be subject to a per

Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“Monthly Minimum Fee’’) of $500.00. The Monthly
Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million
(as measured by dividing the total market value of all Brokerage Channel shares subject to this

Agreement as of the current month-end by the total number of Brokerage Channel Funds

6 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

subject to this Agreement). The Monthly Minimum Fee will be reduced by the amount of
Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during the same period.

(iii) Each No Transaction Fee Fund which trades in an omnibus manner with NFS will be subject to
a per Fund monthly minimum maintenance fee (“NTF Monthly Minimum Fee’) of
$1,000.00. The NTF Monthly Minimum Fee is waived if the average assets per Brokerage
Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million (as measured by dividing the total market value of all
Brokerage Channel shares subject to this Agreement as of the current month-end by the total
number of Brokerage Channel Funds subject to this Agreement). The NTF Monthly Minimum
Fee will be reduced by the amount of the Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fee generated during
the same period.

Any Monthly Minimum Fee described above shall be invoiced by Fidelity.
Part III - FIIOC Channel Fee

For the services provided to the FOC Channel by FIIOC hereunder, Fund/Agent shall pay to FIIOC the
amounts set forth above in this Exhibit A (and reflected in Exhibit C) equal to a percentage per annum of
the average aggregate amount invested in the Funds through the FIIOC Plans each calendar month (the
“FIIOC Channel Asset-Based Fee”). The average aggregate amount invested through the FIIOC Plans
over a calendar month shall be computed by totaling the FITOC Plans’ daily investments during the month
and dividing such total by the actual number of calendar days in the month. Daily investments shall
include amounts invested by the FIIOC Plans either directly or indirectly in the Funds including, but not
limited to, direct investments in the Funds and investments in the Funds by “strategy funds” and other
customized FIIOC Plan investment options contemplated by Exhibit H. However, AT&T Plan assets
shall be excluded for the purpose of calculating the FIIOC Channel Asset-Based Fee.

Part IV - General
The fee terms set forth in this Part IV apply to both the Brokerage Channels and FITOC Channel:

Fidelity acknowledges that payment of the fees described herein and as set forth in Exhibit C may be
financed in whole or in part by a Fund in accordance with that Fund’s plan of distribution adopted
pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act (“12b-1 Plan”). 12b-1 fee rates shall be paid subject to what is
allowable under the Prospectus. If a Fund's 12b-1 Plan is modified, suspended or terminated such that the
fees are no longer payable from Fund assets, Fund/Agent agrees to continue to pay the amount that would
have been payable pursuant to the 12b-1 Plan to Fidelity for a period of up to eighteen (18) months
following the modification, suspension or termination of such 12b-1 Plan. In addition, the parties agree to
negotiate in good faith to expeditiously provide for an alternate source of payment to Fidelity. Each party
agrees to use its best efforts to conclude such negotiations within the eighteen (18) month period
following the modification, suspension or termination of the 12b- Plan, and either party's failure to
negotiate in good faith shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement, Fund/Agent shall not be required to pay any portion of the Fee as to which it is
determined by Fund/Agent, in good faith, that such continued payment would violate any applicable law,
tule, or regulation or any SEC or other applicable authoritative order against Fund/Agent.

Upon prior written notice to Fund/Agent pursuant to Section VILL, Fidelity may change, amend, or waive
any fee (except with respect to a proposed fee increase as set forth below) or the method of payment
thereof under this Agreement and Fidelity may issue to Fund/Agent a new or replacement Exhibit A or
other writing documenting such change, amendment, or waiver. Such change, amendment, or waiver

7 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

shall be effective on the date stated in such notice. Unless within a reasonable timeframe Fund/Agent or
any of its affiliates object in writing, the acceptance by Fund/Agent of any order after the date stated in
such notice shall represent Fund/Agent’s agreement to pay such fees to Fidelity. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the parties agree that any amendment or change that increases the fees to be paid shall have
been previously negotiated and agreed to in writing by both parties prior to submission in writing by
Fidelity.

The method of payment by Fund/Agent of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees and the FITOC Channel
Asset-Based Fees (collectively, the “Asset-Based Fees”) shall be invoiced by NFS, except for 12b-1 fees
on Class R and Class S Shares, dealer concessions on Class C Shares, and any reallowance of initial sales
charges on Class A Shares which shall be autopaid.

For the Asset-Based Fees to be invoiced by Fidelity (“Invoiced’”), subsequent to each month-end, NFS
shall send to Fund/Agent a statement of the market value of shares of the Fund for which the fee is
calculated for the preceding month, together with a statement of the amount of the Asset-Based Fee. In
the calculation of such Asset-Based Fee, NFS shall use its calculation methodology, provided such
methodology is generally consistent with industry practice and results in an amount due on an annual
basis that is materially the same as Fund/Agent would calculate using Fund/Agent’s calculation
methodology. In addition, NFS’ records shall govern unless Fund/Agent can demonstrate that the
number of shares or Fund price(s) used in such calculation is inaccurate. Fidelity shall cooperate with
Fund/Agent in providing information Fund/Agent may request in order to reconcile calculations in such
invoices. All fees are due thirty (30) days upon receipt of invoice. Payment shall be by wire transfer or
other form acceptable to Fidelity and shall be separate from payments related to redemption proceeds and
distributions. If Fund/Agent fails to remit such fees within 30 days, Fund/Agent will be subject to a
monthly 1.0% (12% per annum) late charge on aggregate outstanding balances.

For the Asset-Based Fees to be calculated and paid by Fund/Agent (“Autopaid”), subsequent to each
month-end, Fund/Agent shall calculate and pay via the NSCC systems to Fidelity such Asset-Based Fees.
Such payment will be accompanied by a statement showing the calculation of the amounts payable and
such other supporting data as may be reasonably requested by Fidelity. In the calculation of such Asset-
Based Fee, Fund/Agent shall use its calculation methodology, provided such methodology is generally
consistent with industry practice and results in an amount due on an annual basis that is materially the
same as Fidelity would calculate using Fidelity’s calculation methodology. In addition, Fund/Agent’s
records shall govern unless Fidelity can demonstrate that the number of shares or Fund price(s) used in
such calculation is inaccurate. Fund/Agent shall cooperate with Fidelity in providing information
Fund/Agent may request in order to reconcile calculations in such statements.

8 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

 

 

 

 

 

 

Exhibit C
UNIVERSAL FEES
_ Invoice ;
Fee Frequency Fees
Frequency
$1500 Per Fund Family
One-time One-time (WAIVED)
$6000 Per CUSIP (Waived if
CUSIP Add Fee One-time One-time CUSIP is an NTF Fund within
Brokerage Channel)
$2500 Per Fund F
MMF Implementation Fee One-time One-time ww i VED) ™m

 

 

BROKERAGE CHANNEL FEES.

Cumulative Positions
in Fund Family
Position Reimbursement Fee Annual Monthly
(Invoiced) 500,000+
250,000-499,999
Under 250,000

 

Funds with

Monthly

Monthly Minimun Fee* Annual
(Invoiced)

 

  
 
      
  
 

 

       

      

 

  
      
   
 

 
 
 

 

     
   

 

 

     

 

 

 

   

   

    

 

 
      

   

 

 

Brokerage Channel Part FIIOC Channel Participation
No Transaction Fee (NTF) Fund Program
NTF Channel! Transaction Fee Funds FIIOC Channel Redemption
D uannel / FUOC Fee Coding
Pers | Institut |Correspond] Correspo Channel
ents | ndents | Networked | Omnibus Service | Minimum edemption

nd Name Ticker Cusi Share Class (Commissi] (Fee- Fee Fee Payment_|Hold Period

PECH EMRGNG MRKTS MANAGED VOL FD v me
An EMRGNG MRKTS MANAGED VOL FL JOLAX — 47103D389 A NIA si2 $16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NIA
a un GLOBAL INCOME MANAGED VOLED en ax  4q193c159" NIA S12 $16 0.10%" 0.35% NIA NIA

A
pNTECH INTERNATIONAL MANAGED VOLFD —yayay agg 7g A NIA sp $16 a0" 0.35% NA NA
INTECH U.S. MANAGED VOL FD CL A JRSAX 47103732" A NIA 2 $16 0.10%" 0.35% NA NIA
INTECH U.S. MANAGED VOL FD CL A JDOAX —_47103C100" A NIA si2 $16 0.109%" 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS ADAPTIVE GLBL ALLOCATION FDCLA — JAGAX 471030272” A NA si2 $16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CL A JAQAX ——-47103E379"" A D si2 $16 0.10% 0.3 NIA NiA
JANUS BALANCED FD CL A JDBAX —47103C506" A NIA siz $16 0.10% 0.38% NIA N/A
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL A JENAX —47103C878"" A NIA si2 $16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS DIVERSIF JDDAX — 47103D694"" A S12 $16 0.109%" 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS E ‘ JMFAX 47103551" A n si2 $16 0.10%" 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL JDMAX —47103C829 A NIA si2 $16 0.10% 0.35% N/A NIA
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL A JDFAX 47103761 A NIA si2 $16 0.10% 0.35% N/A N/A
JANUS FORTY FD CL A JDCAX —-47103A674 A NIA S12 $16 0.10%" 0.35% N/A NIA
JANUS FUND CL A JDGAX —47103C712" A NIA si2 $16 0.10%" 0.35% NIA NIA
Pe rOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE  yeyyx 471034104" A NIA si2 $16 0.10% 0.35% NA N/A

I . o :

PANES GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FD CL yecax 47103A500"° A NIA si2 $16 0.10%" 0.35% NIA N/A
A
|ANUS GLOBAL # “ATION-MODERATE F ~ oe
RANUS GOB AL ALLOCATION MODERATE FD wigax 471034880 A NIA si2 $16 0.10% 0.35% NIA N/A
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL A JGBAX 47103486" A NIA si2 $16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL A JFNAX 471023481" A NIA si2 $16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NIA

 

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

 

JANUS C
Janus Global Research Fund - Class A Shares.

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CL A

JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL A

JANUS GLOBAL UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL
A

JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL A

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL A

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL A
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CL A
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL A

JANUS REAL RETURN FD CL A

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL A

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL A.

JANUS TRITON FD CL A

JANUS VENTURE FD CL A

PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL A

PERKINS

 

ERN

 

(ONAL VALUE FUND CL A.

PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL A
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL A
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL /
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL A
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL A
INTECH GLOBAL INCOME MANAGED VOL FD

CLC
INTECH INTERNATIONAL MANAGED VOL FD

 

 

     

 

 

  

INTECH U.S. CORE FD CL C”
INTECH U.S. MANAGED VOL FD CLC"
JANUS ADAPTIVE GLBL ALLOCATION FD CLC

 

JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CL
JANUS BALANCED FD CL.
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL C
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CL
Ic

 

 

   

 

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL C
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLC”
JANUS FORTY FD CLC"

JANUS FUND CLC
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE
FocL¢c"

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FD CL
lc"

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD
cL

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLC"
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL.
JANUS €
JANUS G
Janus Global Research Fund - Class C Shares
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLC"
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL C™
JANUS GLOBAL UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL
ic
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLC

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

  

 

FD CL.

 

 

JERAX
JDWAX
IRGAX
JORAX
JATAX

JUCAX

JDNAX
JHYAX
JAIEX
JMUAX
JDIAX
JURAX
JRAAX
JSHAX
JGMAX
IVTAX
JPPAX

JIFAX

JAPAX
JDPAX
JVSAX
JDSAX
JPVAX

JGDCX

JMICX
JLOCX
JRSCX
JAVCX
JAQCX
JABCX
JONCX
JDDCX

JMFCX
JGRCX
JFICX,
JACCX
JGOCX
ICACX
JGCCX

JMOCX
IGBCX
JFNCX
JERCX.
JWWCX
IRGCX
JORCX
JAGCX

JuCCX

JGICX
JDHCX

47103A617
471030324
471023390"
47103548"
471023358"

 

47103D462~"

471036:
47103597"
471034559"
47103D546
471030480"
47103A252>
471023317"
471023267"
47103C373
471038429
471023440"

 

  

47103D629"”

47103310
47103C266
471035239
47103C217"
471035627"

 

 

47103142

471034773

471030209
471034724

47103264

471035361
47103605
47103860

47103D686

4T103E544
4TL03C811
471030753
47103666
47103696

471034203

47103A609

471034872

47103E478
471023473
47103A591
47103316
471023382
47103530
471023341

47103D454

47103647
471030589

 

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
N/A

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

 

NIA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

 

NIA

NIA

NA

 

NA
NA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

ZN

NIA

 

Exhibit C

si2
siz
Si2
siz
S12
Siz
si2

siz

$16
$16
$16
S16
$16

$16

$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16

$16

$16
$16
$16
$16
$16

$16

$16

$16
$16

$16

$16
$16
$16

$16

$16
$16
$16
$16
$16

$16

$16

$16

$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16

$16

$16
$16

 

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%"
0.10%"
0.10%"

0.10%"

0.10%"
0.10%"
0.10%"
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%"
0.10%"
0.10%"
0.10%"
0.10%"

0.10%"

0.10%"
0.10%"
0.10%"
0.109%"
0.109"

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%

 

 

 

 

0.35%
0.35%
035%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.
0.
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%
0.
0.35%
0.35%

 

 

0.35%

0.
0.
0.35%
0.35%
0.35%

 

1.00%

1.00%

1.00%
1.00%

1.00%

1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%

1.00%
1.00%

1.00%

1.00%

1.00%

1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%

1.00%

1.00%
1.00%

NA
NIA
NA
NA
NA

NIA

NIA
NA
NIA
NA
NA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA
NA
NA
NA
NA

N/A

NA

NIA
N/A

NA

NA
NIA
N/A

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NA

NIA

NIA
NA
NIA
NA
NA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA

NA
NIA
NIA
N/A
NIA

N/A

NIA
NIA
NIA
NA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NA
NA
N/A
NIA

NIA

NA
NA
N/A
NIA
NA

NA

NA

NA
NIA

NA

NA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NA
NIA
N/A

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
N/A
NIA

NIA

N/A
NIA

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

JANUS ID

(CH EMRG MRKTS MNG VOL CLC

 

  

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLC”
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CLC"

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLC"

JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLC
JANUS RESEARCH FD CL C

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLC”
JANUS TRITON FD CLC”

JANUS VENTURE FD CLC"

PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLC”

 

 

 

 

PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL C

   

 

PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL C
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLC”
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLC”
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL C™
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL C™
INTECH EMRGNG MKTS MANAGED VOL FD CL
I

INTECH GLOBAL INCOME MANAGI
CLI

INTECH INTERNATIONAL MANAGED VOL FD
CLI

INT
INTE

 

   

 

  

 

 

VOL FD

H U.S. CORE FD CLI
'H U.S. MANAGED VOL FD CLI

 

JANUS ADAPTIVE GLBL ALLOCATION FD CL I

 

JANUS ASIA EQU! FDCLI
JANUS BALANCED FD CL I

JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLI
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVE
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL I

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLI

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL 1

JANUS FORTY FD CL 1

JANUS FUND CL I

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE,
FDCLI

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FD CL
1

JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERA’
CLI

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL I

JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLI
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLI
JANUS GLOBAL R RCH ED CLI
Janus Global Research Fund - Class I Shares:
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLI

JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL I
JANUS GLOBAL UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL
i

JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLI

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLI

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL 1
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CLI
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLI

JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLI

JANUS RESEARCH FD CL I

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL 1

 

 

     

 

FD

  

     

   

JOLCX

ICI

 

JMUCX
JIGCX,
JURCX
JRACX
JSHCX
JGMCX
JVTCX
JPPCX

JIFCX

JAPCX
JMVCX
JVSCX
JCSCX
JPVCX
JOLIX
IGDIX

JMUX

JRMCX
JRSIX

JVGIX

JAQIX
JBALX
JCONX
JDAIX
JMFIX
JMGRX
JFLEX
ICAPX
JGROX

JCAIX
JGCIX

IMOIX

IJGBIX
JFNIX
JERIX
JWWEX
IRGIX
JORFX
JATIX

JUCIX

JGINX
JHYFX
JIEX
IMUIX

 

 

47103D371
471034542
47103D538

471030472
471034245
471023291

471023259
47103365,
47103E411

471023432

47103D611

47103A294.
471030258
47103E221
47103C191
47103E619

47103D355

47103C126

47 103A765

47103308
471034716

47103D249

471035346
471030704
47103C852
47103D660
47103E528
47103795
47103746
47 103A6S8
47 103C688

471034302

47103A708

47 103A864

471036452
471023465
471034583
47103290
471023374
47103522
471023333

47103D439

47103639
471030571
47 103A534.
47103D512
471030464
47103A229
471023283
471023242

- a

 

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NA
NIA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA

 

N/A

NIA

NIA

EN
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

 

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA

 

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

N/A
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

Exhibit C

$16
$16
$16

$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16

$16

$16
$16
$16
$16
$16

$16

$16

$16

$16
$16

$16

$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16

$16

$16

$16

$16
$16
$16
$16
$6
36
$16

$16

$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.109%"
0.10%"

0.109%"

0.10%"
0.105%"
0.10%"
0.10%
0.10%
0.109%"
0.109%"
0.10"
0.10%
0.10%"
0.10%"
0.10%"

 

  

0.10%"
0.10%"

0.10%"

0.10%"
0.10%"
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%"
0.10%"

  

0.10%"

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%"
0.10%"
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%"
0.10%"

 

 

 

 

1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%
1.00%

1.00%

1.00%
1.00%
1.00%

 

0.10%

0.10%

0.10%

0.10%
0.10%

0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%

0.10%

0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

 

NA
N/A
NA

NA
N/A
N/A
NA
NIA
NA
NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA
NA
NIA

NA

NA

NIA

N/A
NA

NIA

NA
NIA
N/A
NA
NIA
NA
NIA
NA
NA

NA

NIA

NIA

N/A
NIA
NA
NA
NA
NIA
NA

NIA

NA
NA
NIA
NA
NA
NIA
NIA
NIA

N/A
N/A
NIA
NA
N/A
NA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA
NA
N/A
NA
NA
NIA
NIA
NA
N/A
NA
N/A
NA
NA
NIA
N/A
NIA
NIA
NA
NIA
NIA
NIA
N/A
NA
NA
NIA
NIA
N/A
NIA
N/A
NIA
NIA
NIA
NA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NA

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

JANUS TRITON FD CLI
JANUS VENTURE FD
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL I

PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL 1
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL I

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLI

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLI

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLI

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL I
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL L

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL L

INTECH Emerging Markets Managed Volatility Fund -
Class N Shares!

INTECH Global Income Managed Volatility Fund -
Class N Shares!

INTECH International Managed Volatility Fund -
Class N Shares'

INTECH U.S. MANAGED VOL FD N

INTECH U,S.CORE FUND N'

JANUS ADAPTIVE GLBL ALLOCATION FD CL N
1

   

 

 

 

 

wes:

  

JANUS BALANCED FD CL N'
Janus Contrarian Fund - Class
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALT
N

Janus Emerging Markets Fund - Cl:
JANUS ENTERPRISE FUND CL¢
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL N'

JANUS FORTY FD CL N!

JANUS FUND CL N’

JANUS GLOBAL BOND FUND CLN

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLN

Janus Global Research Fund - Class N Shares!

JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLN

JANUS GLOBAL UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL
IN

JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL N

JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLN

JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL N
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CLN
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLIN’

JANUS RESEARCH FD CLN'

JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL N’

JANUS TRITON FD CL N'

JANUS VENTURE FD CL N'

PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL N

PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL N
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL N

PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLIN

PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLN

PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL.N

PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL N

JANUS BALANCED FD CLR

 

hares!

ERNATIVES FUND CL

   

   

 

 

  
  

 

 

   

 

JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLR

JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL R
JANUS FORTY FD CLR

JANUS FUND CLR

JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLR

 

AGX
IVTIX
JPPIX
JIFIX
JAPIX
JMVAX

 

 

JMIVX.
JSIVX

JOLNX

JGGNX

JMRNX

JRSNX
JRCNX
JAGNX
JABNX
JCNNX
JDANX

JMFNX
JDMNX
JDENX
JFRNX
JDGNX
JGLNX
JDWNX
JRGNX
JSLNX

 

 

JUCNX
JDNNX
JHYNX
INIEX
JMTNX
JDINX
JRANX
JSHNX
JGMNX
JVINX
JPPNX
NX
JPLNX
JDPNX
JVSNX
JDSNX
JPVNX
JDBRX
JCNRX
JDMRX
JDFRX
JDCRX
JDGRX
JDWRX

 

 

471030357
471035395
471023424
47103D587
47 103A286
47103C241
47103E197
47 103C183
47103E585
471023580
471023564

 

47103D348

47103E163

47103E155

47103E122
47103E.148

47103D231

47103D108
47103D207

47103D652

47103D306
47103D405
47103D504
47103D603
47103D702
47103D801
47103D777
47 103D884
47103D876

47103D421

47 103D868
47 103D850
47103D843
47103D496
47 103D839
47103D827
47103D819
47103D793
47103D785
47103D769
47103D579
47103D751
47103D744
47103D736
47103D728
47103D710
47103803
471030845,
47103C787
47103C738
47103A641
471030670
47103282

meres eee ee ee

Zz

Zz

RRR RR RAZLZAAZAZAAAAAAAAAAA AZAAAAAAAAAZA2AZA AAAS

 

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

 

NIA
NIN

NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA
N/A

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
N/A
NIA
NIA
NA
NIA
NIA
NIA
N/A

 

0.60%
0.60%

Exhibit C

xm wH mM mH

 

 

0.00%
0.00
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

 

0.00%

0,00
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0,00
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

 

 

$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
$16
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

 

0.10%
0.10%

0.10%"
0.10%"

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%

0.10%"
0.10%"

0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.15%
On
0.15%
0.15%
0.15%
015%
0.15%

 

 

 

 

 

 

0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
0.10%
NIA
NIA

 

0.00%

0.00%

 

 

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
000%
0.00%
0.00%
000%
0.00%

0,00%

0,00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0,00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
0.75%
0.75
0.75%
0.75%
0.75%
0.75
0.75%

 

  

  

NA
NIA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NA
NIA

NA

NIA

NA

NA
NIA

NA

NIA
NIA

N/A

NA
N/A
NA
N/A
NA
N/A
NIA
NA
NIA

NA

NA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NA
NIA
NIA
NA
NA
N/A
N/A
NA
NA
NA
NIA
NA
NIA
NIA
NA
NA
NIA
NIA

NA
NIA
NIA
N/A
NIA
NA
N/A
NIA
NA
NIA
N/A

NA

NIA

NA

NA
N/A

NA

NA
N/A

NA

NA
N/A
NIA
NA
NA
N/A
NIA
NA
NIA

NIA

NA
NIA
N/A
NIA
NA
NA
N/A
NIA
NA
NIA
N/A
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
N/A
NIA
NA
NIA
N/A

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

 

 

   

    

 

 

 

    

 

   

 

 

 

 

   

     
 

   

        
 

 

Exhibit C
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLR JORRX 47103514 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% N/A NIA
anus: Jt ra 1 - ISS
eae Global Unconstrained Bond Fund - Class R JUCRX —-47103D298 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NIA N/A
Shares
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLR JDNRX ——47103C621 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NA N/A
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLR JHYRX —— 47103563 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NIA N/A
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL R IRIE? 47103A526 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NIA N/A
ANU FDCLR IDIRX 47103456 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% N/A NIA
JANUS TRITON FD CLR JGMRX 47103340 R 0,60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NA N/A
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLR JDPRX ——47103€233 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NIA N/A
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL R JDSRX 47103175 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.154% 0.75% NIA NA
:MRG ‘Ss MANAG
et EMRGNG MRKTS MANAGED VOLED oi sx 471030330 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
wine GLOBAL INCOME MANAGED VOLED — Jensx 47 103C118 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50 NZ NA
ee INTERNATIONAL MANAGED VOL FD IJMISX AT1O3A757 Ss 0.40% xX 0,00% O.1S% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLS JLCIX 471030407 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
INTECH U.S. MANAGED VOL FD CLS IRSSX ——_47103A690 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
JANUS ADAPTIVE GLBL ALLOCATION FDCLS — JAGSX ——_47103D256 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CL $ JAQSX 47 103E338 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS BALANCED FD CL S JABRX —_47103C886 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0. 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS CONTRARIAN ED CL S JCNIX 471030837 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.10% ‘ NIZN NA
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FDCLS — JDASX 47103645 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NA N/A
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL S JMFSX 47103510 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NA N/A
JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL S JGRTX —47103C779 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA N/A
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL $ JADFX ——47103C720 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% = 0.10% ‘ NIA NIA
JANUS FORTY FD CL S JARTX 471034633 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NA NA
JANUS FUND CLS JGORX 47103C662 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
IS GLOBAL ALLOGATION- CONSERVATIVE
my S GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE easy 47193a401 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
i" ‘ATION-GROWTH FD CL
nine S GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FD CL acgy 47103A807 s 0.40% x 0,00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NIA
so eee
a S GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD yyiggy 47103856 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL S JGBSX ——47103B445 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA N/A
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CL S JENSX 471023457 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CL $ JERSX ——_47103A575 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL S IWGRX ——47103C274 s 0. x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NA N/A
[Janus Global Research Fund - Class $ Shares JRGSX 471023366 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NIA N/A
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT ED CL $ JORIX —_47103C498 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL $ JATSX 471023325 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% = 0.10% NIA N/A
SG INCONS :
yhNvs GLOBAL UNCONSTRAINED BOND JUCSX 47103D413 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NA NIA
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME ED CL $ JADGX ——_47103C613 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NA NA
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL $ IDHYX 47103555 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NIA N/A
JANUS INTL EQUITY CLASS S JSIEX —_-47103A518 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CL S JMUSX —47103D488 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0. 0.10% NA NA
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLS JIGRX ——47103C449 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA N/A
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CL S JURSX 47103237 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA N/A
RCH FD CLS JRASX 471023275 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA N/A
JSHSX 471023234 s 0.40% x 0.0 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% N/A NIA
JANUS TRITON FD CL $ IGMIX 47103332 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA N/A
JANUS VENTURE FD CL S IVTSX 47103387 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% N/A N/A
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL $ JPPSX 471023416 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL S JIFSX ——-47103D561 s x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL S JAPSX 47 103A278 s x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NIA N/A
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL S JMVIX — 47103C225 s x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NIA N/A
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLS JSVSX —47103E189 s x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% NIA NIA
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL S JISCX 47103167 s x 0.00% 0. 0.10% NIA NA

 

 

 

    

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

 

   

   

 
  

       

 

 
 
 

        

    

 

      

 

   

 
   

  

 

 

 

Exhibit C
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL S JPVSX 471035577 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NIA
ae EMRGNG MRKTS MANAGED VOLFD yor rx 471030322 T 0.35% x xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
INTECH GLOBAL INCOME MANAGED VOLED yyy 47193247 T 0.35% xX xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
oERNATION 5 OLD

CLT H INTERNATIONAL MANAGED VOL FI JRMTX 471034740 T 0.35% xX xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
INTECH U.S. CORE FD CLT JRMSX 471023556 T 0.35% x xX x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
INTECH U.S. MANAGED VOL FD CLT JRSTX ——_-47103A682 T 0.35% x xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
JANUS ADAPTIVE GLBL ALLOCATION FDCLT = IVGTX —_47103D223 T 0.35% x Xx x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLT JAQTX ——47103E320 T 0.35% x xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
JANUS BALANCED FD CL T JABAX 471023879 T 0.35% x xX x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLT JSVAX 471023655 T 0.35% x Xx x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35 NA NIA
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FDCLT = JDATX —_47103D637 T 0.35% x xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL T JMFTX 471038494 T 0.35% x Xx x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLT JAENX 471023804 T 0.35% x xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL T JAFIX 471023606 T a x Xx x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS FUND CL T JANSX 471023101 T x xX x x siz $16 0.00% 0.38% NA NIA

JS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERV ATIVE
es BAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE — yspcx 471023499 T xX xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
panes GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH ED CL yepey 474993523 T 0.35% x xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA

ISG S “MODE! :
awe S GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD jeparx 471023515 T 0.35% x Xx x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLT JHBTX 471038437 T 0.35% xX xX x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
JANUS € JAGLX 471023671 T 0.35% xX xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS G JERTX ——_-47103A567 T 0.35% x Xx x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS € JAWWX 471023309 T 0.35% xX xX x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLT JORNX 471023648 T 0.35% xX xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL T JAGTX 471023663 T 0.35% x xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA

JS GLOBAL UNCONSTRAIN NI
panes GLOBAL UNCONSTRAINED BONDED CL wicrx 471030397 T 0.35% x xX x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA

ANUS GOV! NEY

panes GOVERNMENT MONEY MARKETFD CL xGxx 471023820 T 0.35% siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLT JAGIX 471023200 T 0.35% x Xx x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL T JAHYX 471023762 T 0.35% xX xX x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NA
JANUS INTERNATIONAL Y FD Cl JAITX 471034492 T 0.35% xX xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
JANUS MONEY MARKET FD CL T JAMXX 471023838 T 0.35% si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CLT JMUTX — 47103D470 T 0.35% x Xx x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLT JAOSX 471023846 T 0.35% xX xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA ZN
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLT URTX 471030211 T 0.35% x Xx x x si? $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
JANUS RESEARCH FD CL T JAMRX 471023853 T 0.35% x xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL T JASBX 471023887 T 0.35% x Xx x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS TRITON FD CLT 471023549 T 0. x xX x x siz $16 0.00% 0. NIA NIA
JANUS TWENTY FD CL T 471023408 T 0.35% x xX x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
JANUS VENTURE FD CL T 471023507 T 0.35% x xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLT JGVAX 471023622 T 0.35% x Xx x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CLT JIFTX ——-47103D5S3 T 0.35% xX xX x x siz $16 0.00% 0.38% NIA NIA
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL T JPLTX ——-47103A260 T 0.35% xX xX x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL T JMCVX 471023598 T 0.35% x xX x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
PERKINS “T VALUE FD CLT JSVTX —47103E171 T 0.35% x Xx x x siz $16 0.00% 0.38% NA NA
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL T ISCVX 471023572 T 0.35% xX xX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA N/A
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLT. JPVTX __ 471038569 T 0.35% XX x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A

 

 

* Monthly Minimum Fee waived if average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million; reduced by amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during same period,

 

+ Fidelity shall be entitled to a re-allowance of the initial sales charge as set forth in the then-current Prospectus and/or SAI. Fidelity shall be entitled to such re-allowance upon receipt of purchase funds from customers in the Brokerage Channels.
Further, in accordance with each Fund's Prospectus and/or SAI, Distributor or any affiliate of the Distributor may, but is not obligated to, make payments to Fidelity from Distributor's or such affiliate's own resources as compensation for certain sales
that are made at net asset value. - Reallowance of initial sales charge (front-end load) on Class A assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for the services contemplated by this Agreement.

*** As reflected under RFN Fee Column in Exhibit C.

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22 Exhibit C

 

's intended to include registered investment advisers, third party administrators, banks, trust

 

+** For purposes of fund availability to the Brokerage Channels, the parties acknowledge and agree that the term “investment adviser” or “advise
departments, and family office clients. If a fund is designated as “Correspondents (Fee-Based)” on this Exhibit C, the fund may be made available under the No Transaction Fee Fund Program to Correspondents for managed accounts, Fund/A gent

acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make Class I shares of funds available to family office clients unless Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary. Fund/Agent further acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make fund shares available on a load-
waived basis to accounts maintained for employee benefit plans and fee-based accounts maintained through investment advisers unless the Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary.

       

‘The

 

al Group Inc, Mutual Fund Share Investment Plan,

 

| With respect to the purchase of Class N shares, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Funds’ Prospectus, NFS or its affiliates may allow the purchase of Class N shares by the Janus
foregoing is not intended to authorize NFS or its affiliates to allow the purchase of Class N shares by account types not eligible under the terms of the Prospectus,

#8" 1.00% ON Class C assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for services contemplated by this Agreement.

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

EXHIBIT I - FUND NOTICES

1. Notice of Fund Changes.

Fund/Agent shall provide notice of the following changes relative to any Fund to

e Benchmark Change

e Expense Cap Change

e Fund Closing (Hard Close, Semi-Hard, Soft Close)

e Fund Liquidation

e Fund Merger

e Fund Name Change

e New Share Class

e Objective Change

e Portfolio Manager Change / Multi-Portfolio Manager Change
e Redemption Fee (Waivers/ Add / Change)

e Short-Term Trading Fee (Add / Change)

e Splits / Reverse Splits

e Strategy Change

e Sub-Advisor Change (Single, Multi)

e Rule 12b-1 Plan Change

e Investment Minimum Change

e Sales Charge Changes (Including Reductions/Waivers)

e Changes to the Money Market Fund (MMF) CUSIP Instruction Form or other changes
related to Money Market Funds, including, but not limited to:

o Change of Fund Designation (e.g., Retail/Institutional)
o Imposition /Removal (date and time) and Amount of Liquidity Fee

o Imposition /Removal (date and time) of Redemption Gate, confirmation of
whether the Money Market Fund will accept purchases during Redemption Gate,
conversion of temporary Redemption Gate into permanent Redemption Gate

o Exemptions of transactions from Liquidity Fees or Redemption Gates, to the
extent allowed under applicable law (e.g., share class conversions (e.g., B to A),
cash dividend sell transactions, TOAs/transfer of assets)

o Language added to Prospectus regarding ability to impose Liquidity
Fee/Redemption Gate to a Government MM Fund (as defined in Exhibit I)

o Decision to provide financial support to the Money Market Fund in order to
preserve such Money Market Fund’s NAV at $1.00 per Share

9 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

2.

Information to be Provided.

If possible, and where applicable, the following information will be provided in relation to any of
the foregoing changes:

e Type of Fund Change

e Shareholder Meeting Date (proxy)

e Proxy Results

e Effective Date

e New Legal Fund Name

e Fund CUSIP

e Fund Ticker

e Fund Share Class

e Prospectus Sticker

e Fund Company Press Release

e Formal Notification on the Fund Company’s Letterhead

e Fund Company’s Q&A document

Definitions.
For purposes of the foregoing, the following definitions apply:

Hard Close: All cash flows into the Fund effectively cease at the close date. As of the close
date, continued investment in the fund in question is prohibited by all investors, except for
dividend reinvestment, whether or not a Shareholder or FIIOC Plan participant has an existing
balance.

Liquidity Fee: A liquidity fee, as contemplated by Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act
of 1940;

Redemption Gate: A temporary suspension of redemptions, as contemplated by Rule 2a-7 under
the Investment Company Act of 1940;

Semi-hard Close: This Fund closing is viewed at the Shareholder or FIOC Plan participant
level. As of the effective date of the close, continued investment in the Fund in question is
limited to Shareholders or FIIOC Plan participants who have an existing balance. An existing
balance is defined as a non-zero balance (i.e. if a Shareholder or FILOC Plan participant liquidates
the entire investment in a Fund, that Shareholder or FILOC Plan participant no longer has a
balance, therefore is not permitted to subsequently invest in the Fund).

Soft Close: A soft close is viewed at the Brokerage Channel customer or FITOC Plan sponsor
level. As of the close date, continued investment in the Fund in question is limited to
Shareholders or FILOC Plan participants who already have active access to the Fund.
Shareholders or FILOC Plan participants who had balances in the Fund may continue to invest,
and new Shareholders and FIIOC Plan participants who had access to the Fund can begin to
invest in the Fund.

10 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

EXHIBIT K
MONEY MARKET FUND SERVICES EXHIBIT

The services offered by Fidelity under this Exhibit include processing for certain Money Market
Funds (“MM Funds”), which are listed in Exhibit C to the Agreement.

WHEREAS, registered investment companies that hold themselves out as MM Funds are subject
to various requirements under Rule 2a-7 under the 1940 Act (“Rule 2a-7”), as adopted by the SEC
and as amended from time to time;

WHEREAS, the MM Funds will disclose in their Prospectuses, as they may be amended from
time to time, that the MM Funds are subject to Rule 2a-7, including where applicable provisions
relating to the calculation of NAVs, implementation of Liquidity Fees and Redemption Gates (each as
defined in the Fund Notices provision under the Agreement) and Shareholder eligibility requirements;
and

WHEREAS, the parties to the Agreement hereby wish to clarify the obligations of the parties
with respect to the operations of MM Funds, including provisions specific to government and retail
MM Funds (each as defined under Rule 2a-7, “Government MM Fund” and “Retail MM Fund,”
respectively) or to those MM Funds that do not qualify as Government MM Funds or Retail MM
Funds or that cease to qualify as such (each, an “Institutional MM Fund”).

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties, for good and valuable consideration, agree as follows:

A. All MM Funds
1) Compliance with Instructions

Fidelity agrees to reasonably comply with instructions received from the Fund/Agent, as
communicated to Fidelity in writing in accordance with this Exhibit K and the Fund Notices
provision under the Agreement, as applicable, with respect to operating in compliance with Rule 2a-7
as a Government MM Fund, a Retail MM Fund or an Institutional MM Fund, as applicable.

2) Records

Upon request, Fidelity shall provide Fund/Agent with Fidelity’s time stamp(s) documenting
receipt of Orders, and Fund/Agent agrees that such time stamp(s) shall be treated as the official time
of receipt of Orders.

3) Liquidity Fees and Redemption Gates

a) In the event that a MM Fund determines to impose a Liquidity Fee or Redemption Gate,
without regard to whether such Liquidity Fee or Redemption Gate is imposed during or after business
hours, Fund/Agent shall promptly (i) provide Fidelity with written notice of such Liquidity Fee or
Redemption Gate in accordance with the Fund Notices provision under the Agreement and (ii) notify
Fidelity of such Liquidity Fee or Redemption Gate with a call to a telephone number that shall be
provided to Fund/Agent by Fidelity and which may be updated from time to time. Upon notification,
Fidelity will use commercially reasonable efforts to implement such Liquidity Fee or Redemption
Gate as soon as practicable.

11 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

b) Upon notice provided pursuant to the terms of this Exhibit K, Fidelity agrees that it shall, on an
aggregated or disaggregated basis:

(i) with respect to Liquidity Fees, either in Fidelity’s sole discretion:

A. (1) impose the Liquidity Fee on MM Fund Shares tendered for
redemption or exchange by a Shareholder after the MM Fund notifies
Fidelity of the imposition of the Liquidity Fee, and (2) remit the amount
of the Liquidity Fee receivable to the MM Fund on a timely basis; or

B. (1) provide the MM Fund, in accordance with the transaction processing
provisions of the Agreement, with the amount of MM Fund Shares (in
Shares or in dollars) tendered for redemption or exchange by a
Shareholder after the MM Fund notifies Fidelity of the imposition of the
Liquidity Fee, (2) provide to Fund/Agent Fidelity’s time stamp(s)
documenting receipt of such redemption or exchange orders and (3)
authorize the MM Fund to calculate the Liquidity Fees owed to the MM
Fund with respect to such Shareholder and withhold such amount from
the Shareholder’s redemption proceeds; and

(ii) with respect to Redemption Gates either in Fidelity’s sole discretion:

A. reject or cancel any redemption or exchange orders received following
the notification (in accordance with the terms of this Exhibit K) of the
imposition of a Redemption Gate; or

B. (1) use commercially reasonable efforts to reject or cancel any
redemption or exchange orders received following the notification (in
accordance with the terms of this Exhibit (K) of the imposition of a
Redemption Gate, and (2) make available to Fund/Agent Fidelity’s time
stamp(s) documenting receipt of such redemption or exchange orders.

c) Although as of the date of the Amendment the Board of Trustees of a Government MM Fund
has not elected to do so, in the event that such Board of Trustees elects to subject the Government
MM Fund to Liquidity Fee and/or Redemption Gate requirements, the Government MM Fund shall
promptly notify Fidelity of such election in accordance with the terms of the Fund Notices provisions
under the Agreement.

d) A redemption request that a MM Fund determines has been received in good order by the MM
Fund or Fidelity prior to the imposition of a Liquidity Fee or Redemption Gate will be paid by the
MM Fund despite the imposition of a Redemption Gate or without the deduction of a Liquidity Fee.

e) Fund/Agent shall promptly (and with respect to a Redemption Gate that extends over a month
end, no later than the last Business Day of the month in which such Redemption Gate is imposed)
notify Fidelity in writing (in accordance with the Fund Notices provision under the Agreement) how
to process dividend reinvestments when a Redemption Gate is imposed.

4) Omnibus Accounts

With respect to Brokerage Channel accounts held by NFS and traded omnibus, NFS shall obtain
certification from its omnibus account holders that they have policies and procedures in place to the
extent necessary to comply with the applicable requirements of the MM Funds held in such accounts.

12 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

For any omnibus account holder that has not provided such certification, the account will be restricted
to holding Government MM Funds not subject to Liquidity Fees and/or Redemption Gates.

5) FIIOC Trading Procedures

a) The following procedures shall apply to all Retail MM Funds and Institutional MM Funds, and
to any Government MM Fund that has added language to its Prospectus allowing for the imposition
of Liquidity Fees and/or Redemption Gates, in each case that are made available through the FIIOC

Channel:
qa) Trade Reporting and Settlement
A. FIIOC shall, by 9:00 A.M Eastern Time, or other mutually agreed upon

time on TD + 1, provide summarized trading instructions via facsimile or
other mutually agreed upon means to Fund/Agent, to number(s) provided
to FIIOC in writing by Fund/Agent, for the net purchase or net
redemption of Shares of the Funds based on Orders accepted by FIIOC
prior to Close of Trading on the prior Business Day.

Settlements shall be made by wire transfer. The wire transfers between
FIIOC and Fund/Agent shall operate as follows:

(1) For net redemptions of Shares, Fund/Agent shall initiate
a wire transfer for receipt by FIIOC by no later than the
close of business at the New York Federal Reserve Bank
on TD + 1; and

(2) For net purchases of Shares, FIIOC shall initiate a wire
transfer for receipt by Fund/Agent by no later than the
close of business at the New York Federal Reserve Bank
on TD + 1.

FIIOC and Fund/Agent shall monitor the receipt of wire transfers on a
daily basis. If any wire transfer is not received on the Business Day such
wire was required to be initiated and it is determined that the sending
party was negligent in initiating the wire transfer, causing the delay or
non-receipt of any such wire transfer, then the sending party shall
compensate the receiving party for the amount of reasonable interest.

(ii) Confirmation and Reconciliation

A.

B. Retail MM Funds

Fund/Agent shall make available balance and trade activity information
via electronic data transmissions], and shall send requested balance and
trade activity information via facsimile or electronic mail if such
resources are not accessible.

1) Limitation of Beneficial Owners to Natural Persons

Fidelity agrees that to the extent a MM Fund operates as a Retail MM Fund and is identified as
such to Fidelity in writing, that as of the effective date of such notice as provided pursuant to the
Agreement’s Fund Notice provision but in no event no later than October 14, 2016, Fidelity will have

13 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

policies, procedures and controls in place reasonably designed to limit Shareholders of a Retail MM
Fund to natural persons, as such term is defined by the SEC or its staff from time-to-time.
Fund/Agent shall be responsible for all costs incurred by Fidelity in connection with written and/or
electronic correspondence with Shareholders related to compliance with investor eligibility
requirements for a Retail MM Fund.

2) Policies and Procedures

a. FIIOC confirms that it has policies, procedures and controls in place that are reasonably
designed to limit all Shareholders of the Retail MM Fund to natural persons.

b. NFS confirms that it has policies, procedures and controls in place that are reasonably
designed to limit all Shareholders of the Retail MM Fund to natural persons (including, but not
limited to, the mapping of registration types to retail and institutional designations as may be
provided to Fund/Agent upon request and as may be updated by Fidelity from time to time). NFS may
notify Fund/Agent of any Shareholder of the Retail MM Fund that NFS reasonably believes do not
qualify as a natural person and, upon the written direction of Fund/Agent (in accordance with the
Fund Notices provision under the Agreement), will take steps to assist the Fund/Agent in providing
notifications to any such Shareholder and redeem the Shares of any such Shareholder in the Retail
MM Fund in accordance with applicable law.

3) Initial Notification of Ineligible Investors and Mandatory Redemption

Fidelity acknowledges and understands that the SEC has provided exemptive relief to permit
Retail MM Funds to redeem the Shares of Shareholders that no longer meet the eligibility
requirements of such Retail MM Funds without the Shareholders’ consent. FIIOC will collaborate
with FIIOC Plan sponsors to identify any Shareholder in a Retail MM Fund that FITOC or a FIIOC
Plan sponsor reasonably believes does not qualify as a natural person and redeem the Shares of such
Shareholder in the Retail MM Fund in accordance with applicable law. NFS will notify Fund/Agent
of any Shareholder of a Retail MM Fund that NFS reasonably believes does not qualify as a natural
person and, upon the written direction of Fund/Agent (in accordance with the Fund Notices provision
under the Agreement), will take steps to assist the Fund/Agent in providing notifications to any such
Shareholder and redeem the Shares of any such Shareholder in the Retail MM Fund in accordance
with applicable law. Fund/Agent shall be responsible for all costs incurred by Fidelity in connection
with written and/or electronic correspondence with Shareholders related to initial compliance with
investor eligibility requirements for a Retail MM Fund.

C. Institutional MM Funds

1) Appointment As Agent

The agency appointments to accept Orders on behalf of Fund/Agent provided in Article One and
Article Two of the Agreement shall also apply to Orders in Institutional Money Market Funds. For
the avoidance of doubt, all transactions processed for Institutional MM Funds shall be processed in

accordance with the terms of the “Transaction Processing and Settlement” or “Trade Reporting and
Settlement” provisions of the Agreement, as applicable.

2) Multiple NAV Determinations
a. With respect to Brokerage Channel accounts held by NFS, Fund/Agent shall transmit to

NFS (via the NSCC Price & Rate file(s) or such other mutually agreed upon method or vendor) all
NAV calculations for Institutional MM Funds.

14 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 85F8EF6A-B7B0-4996-9887-69E 1 E6826C22

b. Notwithstanding Sections C(1), C(2)(a) and A(2) above, with respect to Institutional MM
Funds that calculate their NAV multiple times each Business Day (each calculation of NAV by a MM
Fund, a “NAV Calculation Time”), Orders with respect to MM Fund Shares will be effected at the
NAV per Share next calculated by the MM Fund following receipt of the Order in proper form by the
MM Fund or, if permitted under the Agreement, by NFS or by NFS’ designee or agent (“Designee”).
Orders received by a MM Fund, or where applicable, NFS or its Designee, after the final NAV
Calculation Time on a day will be treated as if received on the next day the MM Fund is open for
business and will be effected at the NAV per Share calculated at the first NAV Calculation Time on
such next day.

For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that the terms of this Exhibit conflict with the terms of the
Agreement, the terms of this Exhibit shall control

15 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 7E303BA6-22D5-49C0-A4D5-273AA7FBBEFB

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, effective as of March |, 2017, is by and among National Financial
Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity Investments Institutional
Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), Janus Distributors LLC, and Janus Services LLC; (together,
“Fund/Agent”), NFS, FBS and FIIOC are collectively referred to herein as “Fidelity”.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the parties entered into a Services Agreement dated April 1, 2009 (as amended from
time to time, the “Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative services provided to beneficial
owners of shares of mutual funds associated with Fund/Agent; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the relevant
sections thereof,

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Restating in its entirety Exhibit C as attached hereto.

(signature page follows)

1 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 7E303BA6-22D5-49C0-A4D5-273AA7FBBEFB

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Amendment as of the

date first above written.

 

Janus Distributors LLC

LR],

By:

Name: Michael D. Elder

Title: esident

Date: {\ LY \oure das 20\" 7}

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Member NYSE, SIPC

(Geli tana by:
‘6DAEGT18C2A7443. a

Name: Carolyn Clancy
Title: EVP FundsNetwork
Date: 3/15/2017

 

 

Janus Services LLC

Dw 73 |,

By:
Name: David R. Kelley
Title: Vice President

Date: S/ / {2

Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations

Company, Inc.
DocuSigned by:

[ tel fer

Name: Rachel Rachel Ty] er

 

Title:
Date:

sve
3/15/2017

 

National Financial Services LLC

Member NYSE, SIPC
DocuSigned by:
[ Cate Gurunia
By:

6BE45596D4C0483__

 

Charlie Geremia

 

Name: ial
Title: VP
Date: 3/15/2017

 

 

Confidential Information

N

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 7E303BA6-22D5-49C0-A4D5-273AA7FBBEFB

Exhibit C

UNIVERSAL FEES
Invoice
Frequency
Fund Family Add Fee One-time $1 5000 Per Fund Family (WAIVED)

Fee Frequency

$6000 Per CUSIP (Waived 1f CUSIP 1s
JCUSIP Add Fee One-time an NTF Fund within Brokerage
Channel)

MMF Implementation Fee One-time $25000 Per Fund Firm (WAIVED)

Monthly

Positian Reimbursement Fee
(Invorced)

Monthly

Monthly Minimun Fee* (lavoiced)

 

    
  
 

 

   

 

   

Fund Information Brokerage Channel Participation FILOC Channel Participation

No Transaction Fee (NTF) Fund Program

 
  

 

     
    
   
     
  

Transaction Fee Funds FIIOC Channel Redemption

        
  
    
     
 
   
   
   
   
     
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
      

NTF Channel Availability”

   

 

          
    
 

       
        

      
    

      
   

      
  

   

    

 

 

 

EIIoc Fee Coding
Institutional [ Correspondents | eo dene, Channel

Personal Wealth (Commission- ‘Pea Das ) Networked | Omnibus Sermce | Minimum | Redemption

Fund Name Ticker Cusip NTF Rate Investing | Services Based) _ Fee Fee REN Payment [Hold Penod| Fee Rate
Ma HEMRONG MRKTS MANAGED VOL FD JOLAX — 47)03D389" A $i2 $16 0.10%" 035%

NT aL ‘COME MANAGED VOL FD ° oe

STE GLOBAL INGO fF MANAGED VO JGDAX 47103159" A NA $12 $16 0.10% 035%
ISTECH INTERNATIONAL MANAGED VOL FD IMIAX— ayyonazey" A WA a12 si6 oss
INTECHU S. MANAGED VOL FDCL A JRSAX —47)03A732"" A NIA $12 S16 035%
INTECH U S MANAGED VOL FDCL A SDOAX 47103100" A NA $12 sie 0.35%

 

  

  

  

       

  

      

JANUS ADAPTIVE GLBL ALLOCATION FDCLA — JAGAX —47103D272 A NA si2 si6 0.35%
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CL A JAQAX 47036379" A NIA $12 Si6 035%
JANUS BALANCED FD CL A JDBAX 47103506" A NA siz sie 035%
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL A JCNAX 47103878" A NA $i2 Sie 035%
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FDCLA = SDDAX —_ 47103694" A N/A si2 sie 035%
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL A JMFAX —47103E551" A NIA si2 sie
JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL A JDMAX 47103829" A N/A si2 si6
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL A JDFAX 471030761 A NIA si2 sis
JANUS FORTY FD CL A JDCAX 47103674" A NA $i? S16
JANUS FUND CL A SDGAX —47)03€712" A NA $12 Sie
JANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE Gea. syyoy aoe" \ WA pe sis

 

 

 

FDCLA

DocuSign Envelope ID: 7E303BA6-22D5-49C0-A4D5-273AA7FBBEFB

 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
   
 
 
  

   

  

  

   

    

 

 

 

 

 

Exhibit C
US GI N-GROW: ~ ~
panes GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH FDCL yee qy 471034500 A NA si2 S16 0.10% 035% N/A NA
'S GLOBAL ALLOCATION» A - , on
{ANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATION MODERATE FP yoy. a7yo3 sso A NA si2 S16 10% 035% NA NA
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL A JGBAX 47) 038486" A NIA $12 S16 010%" 0.35% NA NA
JANUS GLOBAL p SCIENCES FD CL A JPNAX 4710234817" A NIA $12 $16 035% N/A NA
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLA JERAX — 47103617" A NA $12 S16 035% N/A N/A
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL A JOWAX 47103032 A NA $12 ne | NIA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLA JORAX 47103548" A NA $12 S16 0.10%" |} 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL A JATAX 4710233587 A NA $12 $i6 0.10%" 035% NIA NIA
vanes GLOBAL UNCONSTRAINED BONDFD CL wicax 47 103D462" A NA $i2 Si6 0.10%" 035% NA NIA
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL A JDNAX 4710306547 A NIA si2 S16 010%" |} 035% N/A NIA
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLA JHYAX 471030597" A N/A si2 SI6 —o.10%" |] 035% NIA NA
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL A JAIEX 47034559" A NA siz S16 010%" 035% N/A NIA
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CL A JMUAX — 47103Ds46" A NIA si2 S16 010%" } 035% NA NA
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL A IDIAX 47103480" A NIA $i2 SI6 0.10%" 035% NA NIA
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CL A TURAX 471034252" A NA si2 si6 10%" |} 035% NIA NIA
JANUS RESEARCH FD CL A JRAAX 47102331 A NA siz S16 035% NIA NA
JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CL A JSHAX 47102326 A NA si2 Slo 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS TRITON FD CL A JGMAX —47103C373" A NIA $I2 S16 0.35% NA NA
JANUS VENTURE FD CL A JVTAX —47103E420" A NIA $12 S16 035% NA NIA
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL A JPPAX 471023440" A NIA si2 Si 035% NA NIA
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FUNDCLA —JIFAX 47103629" A NIA si2 si6 0.35% NIA
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL A JAPAX 47103310" A NA si2 sie 035% NA
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL A JDPAX 47103266" A NA si2 si6 035% NA
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL A JVSAX —47]03£239"" A NIA $i2 sis 035% N/A
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL A JDSAX = 47103C217" A NA siz ste 035% NIA
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL A JPVAX 471035627" A N/A siz sie 035% NIA
iLOBAL E JED VOL FD
HGLOBAL INCOME MANAGED VOLTT JGDCX 471030142 c NA si2 S6 100% N/A NIA
NTE Y AGED VOL FD
CUINTERNATIONAL MAN JMICX ——47,03A773 c NIA siz si6 0.00% 100% NA NIA
INTECH US CORE FD CLC JLOCX 47103C209 c NA $12 Si6 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
NTECH U.S. MANAGED VOL FD CL C7" IRSCX 471034724 c NA $12 S16 0.00% 100% NA NIA
NUS IVE GLBL AL DN FD CLC
PANUS ADAPTIVE GLBL ALLOCATIC JAVCX 47103264 c NIA $12 S16 0.00% 100% NIA NIA
SANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLC" JAQCX —-$7103F WI c $i2 S16 0.00% 1.00% NA N/A
JANUS BALANCED FD CLC" JABCX —-47103C005 c si2 sis 0.00% 1.00% NA N/A
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLC" JENCX 47103860 c $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
b UTERNATIVES F
foes DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FD CL JDDCX 47) 03686 c NIA si2 S16 0.00% 100% NA NA
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLC" JMFCX 470384 c NA si2 si6 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL C’ JGRCX 471038)! c NA $12 si6 0.00% 1.00% NA NA
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLC" JEICX 47103C753 c NA siz sie 0.00% 100% NA NA
JANUS FORTY FD CL C7" JACCX 47103 A666 c NIA siz si6 000% 100% NA N/A
JANUS FUND CLC" JGOCX 47103696 c NIA si2 sie 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
GLOB. c in NS VAT
hecho Al ALLOCATION-CONSERWAT JEACX ——-47/03A203 c NA si2 Si6 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
LOBAL OD WTH FDCL
pneeS GLOBAL ALLOCATION-AROWT JGCCX 471034609 c NIA siz Sl6 0.00% 100% NA NIA
NUS Gi -LOCATION-MODE! FD
pan stOes ALLOCATION MODERATE JMOCX 47103872 c NA si2 S16 0.00% 100% NIA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CL C~ JGBCX 47/03 E478 c N/A si2 si6 0.00% 100% NA NA
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLC" JENCX 471023473 c NIA si2 si6 0.00% 1.00% NA NA
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FDCL CC" JERCX ATIOIASIL c NA $i2 Si6 000% 100% NA NA
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLC" IWWEX 47/030 316 c NA si2 SI6 0.00% 100% NA NA
oTRD CLE” JORCX 47030530 c NIA si2 S16 0.00% 100% WA NA
OLOGY FD CLC JAGOX 47102334) c NA si2 Sie 0.00% 100%. NA NA

DocuSign Envelope ID: 7E303BA6-22D5-49C0-A4D5-273AA7FBBEFB

 

 

 

    

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

 
  
 

 

 

   

   

 

   
 
 

 

 

 

        

Exhibit C
'S GLOBAL UNCONSTRATNED BONI
P ANUS GLOBAL UNCONSTRAINEDBONPED CL coy gp i03pase c NA siz sie 0.00% 100% NIA NA
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CLC" IGICX 471030647 c NA siz sié 0.00% 100% NIA NA
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL C JDHCX 474030589 c NIA si2 sis 0.00% 1 00% NIA NA
KTS MNG VOL CLC

JANUS INTECH EMRG MRKTS MNG VOL. C JOLCX 47103371 c N/A siz si6 0.00% 100% NIA NA
ANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CLC" ICIEX 47103542 c N/A siz S16 0.00% 1.00% N/A N/A
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND C1 JMUCX —-47103D538 c NA $12 sis 0.00% 100% NA NA
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLC" HGEX 471030472 c NA $12 si6 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLC" JURCX 4703245 c NIA $12 sis 0.00% 100% N/A NA
JANUS RESEARCH FD CL C RACX 471023291 c NIA si2 si6 0.00% 100% NIA NA
ANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD Ci.C’ JSHCX 471023259 c NIA siz $16 0.00% 1 00% NIA NA
JANUS TRITON FD CLC" JGMCX 471030365 c NIA si2 S16 0.00% 100% NIA NIA
ANUS VENTURE FD CLC" JVTCX 47103E41) c NIA $12 $t6 0.00% 100% NIA NIA
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL C’ JPPCX 471023432 c N/A siz $16 0.00% 100% NIA NA
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FDCLC™* — JIFCX——47103D611 c NA si2 SI6 000% 100% NIA NA
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLC JAPCX ——-47103A294 c NIA $12 $6 1 00% NIA NA
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLC" IMVCX 471030258 c NA siz si6 100% N/A NA
PERKIN: CT VALUE FD CLC JVSCX 47103221 c NIA siz 516 1.00% NIA NIA
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLC JCSCX 47) 030594 © NIA $12 $16 00% N/A NA
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL C JPVCX 47103619 c NA siz 516 100% NIA NIA
sr CHEMRGNG MRTS MANAGED VOLFDCL gray gg yg3pass 1 a si sie bio wa WA
py GLOBAL INCOME MANAGED VOLED ——yGnix 471030126 I NIA si2 S16 0.10% N/A NIA
ce NTERNATIONAL MANAGED VOL. FD IMUX 471034765 1 NIA si2 si6 0.10% NIA NIA
INTECH US CORE FD CLI JRMCX 47103308 1 NIA si2 $16 0.10% NIA NIA
INTECH US, MANAGED VOL FD CLI JRSIX 47103716 1 NA si2 S16 010% NIA NIA
JANUS ADAPTIVE GLBL ALLOCATION FD CLI JVGIX ——47103D249 1 NIA si2 sis 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLI JAQIX 471036346 I NA si2 sis 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS BALANCED FD CL # JBALX 47103704 Il NIA si2 si6 010% NIA NIA
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLI SCONX 47103852 ' NA gi2 $16 030% NIA NIA
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES ED Ci. | IDAIX 47103660 It NA si2 S16 0.10% NA NIA
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD Cl. | IMFIX 47) 038528 t N/A $12 S16 0.10% N/A NIA
JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL I IMGRX 471030795 1 NIA siz S16 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLI JFLEX 471030746 I NIA si2 S16 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS FORTY FD CLI JCAPX 471034658 1 N/A $12 $16 010% N/A NIA
JANUS FUND CLI JGROX 471030688 i N/A $12 S16 0.10% NIA NIA

OBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE  ieayy 471034302 1 NIA $12 S16 0.10% NIA N/A
A ° OBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH ED CL saci 47403708 1 NIA $i2 S16 0.10%"" 010% NIA NIA
es GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD yioyy 471034864 ! NIA si2 $16 810% NIA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLI JGBIX 47103652 I NIA siz S16 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SC FDCLI JENIX 471023465 I NIA $12 $16 010% NA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLI JERIX — 47/03A583 1 NIA $12 si6 0.10% NA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD Cl. 1 JWWEX 47103290 1 NIA si2 sié 0 10% NA NIA
ANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLI JORFX ——47103€: 1 NIA siz sis 9.10% NIA N/A
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CL 1 IATIX§ 471023333 1 NIA $12 Si6 0 10% NIA NIA
anus GLOBAL UNCONSTRAINED BOND FDCL yeux gyoapase 1 NIA $2 sie wa a
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL [ IGINX —47)03€639 1 NIA si2 S16 NA NIA
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLI JHYFX 471030571 1 NIA $12 S16 NIA NIA
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL 1 JMEX ATIOBAS3 1 NIA $12 Sib NA NA
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CL IMUIX — 47103D5)2 1 NIA $2 ss NIA N/A

 

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 7E303BA6-22D5-49C0-A4D5-273AA7FBBEFB

 
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
  

 

  

 

 

  

Exhibit C

JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL NGFX 471030464 I NA si2 si6 0.10% NA NA
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLI JURIX —47}03A229 1 NIA si2 si6 010% NA NIA
JANUS RESEARCH FD CLI JRAIX 47) 023283 1 NA si2 slo 0.10% NA NA
ANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLI JSHIX 471023242 1 NA si2 S16 010% NIA NA
ANUS TRITON FD CLI JSMGX 47103357 1 NIA si2 sie 010% NA
JANUS VENTURE FD CLI INTIX. —47/038395 1 NA si2 S16 010% NIA
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLI sPPIX. 471023424 1 N/A si2 si6 010% NIA
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CLI uIFIX 471030587 1 NA $12 si6 0.10% NIA
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLI JAPIX _-47103A286 It NA siz S16 0.10% N/A
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL I IMVAX —47103C241 1 NIA siz slo 0.10% NIA
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL 1 JVSIX 47103197 I NA siz $16 0.10% NIA
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL I JSCOX 47103183 I NA si2 sie 0.10% NA
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL I SPVIX ——-47103E585 I NA si sie 010% NIA
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL L JMIVX 471023580 L NIA 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLL JSIVX 471023564 L NIA 0.00% 0.00% NA NA

pA Managed V. -
INTECH Emerging Markets Managed Volaulity Fund yy sons ag N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NIA
Class N Shares’

3 Volatility Fund -
INTECH Global Income Managed Votatsity Fund JGGNX 471036163 N NIA 0.00% 000% = 0.00% 0.00% N/A NIA
}Class N Shares’
INTECH International Managed Volatility Fund - :

NX 471036155 N NIA 00" 0.00% ’ NY
class N Shores! IMR! 0.00% a00% |] 000% NIA NA
INTECHU S$. MANAGED VOL FD N JRSNX —-47/03E 22 N NA 0.00% 000% 0.00% |} o00% NIA NA
INTECHU SCORE FUND N' JRONX 47103148 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 900% |] 000% NA NIA

S Vv ALL NFDCLN

as TEE ATE ee JAGNX 471030231 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 000% |} 000% NA NIA
JANUS BALANCED FD CL N' JABNX 47103108 s NA 0.00% 0.00% |} 000% NA NA
janus Contrarian Fund - Class N Shares! JENNX 471030207 N NA 0.00% 000% |] 000% NA NIA
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FUND CL

NM as " SDANX 471030652 N NA 0.00% 0.00% |} 000% NA NIA
Janus Emerging Markets Fund - Class N Shares! IMFNX 471030306 N NIA ao oom | ooo. ra WA
JANUS ENTERPRISE FUND CLASS N' JDMNX 47103405 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% |] 000% NIA NA
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL N! JDFNX 47103504 N NA 0.00% 0.00% || 000% NIA NIA
JANUS FORTY FD CL N! JFRNX 471030603 N NIA 0.00% oo0% |] 000% NIA NA
JANUS FUND CL N' JDGNX 471039702 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% |} 000% NIA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FUND CL N’ JGLNX 4710380) N NIA 0.00% 0.00% |] 0.00% NIA NA
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL \’ DWNX 47103777 N NIA 0.00% 00% |] 000% NA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CIN JSLNX 47103876 N NIA 0.00% 2.00% |] 000% NIA NIA

NUS |AL UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD Cl

VS GLOB a JUCNX 471030421 N NA 0.00% 00% |] 000% NIA NA
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL N' JDNNX 47103868 N NA 0.00% 000% 000% || o0o% NIA NA
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD Ct. N' JHYNX 471030850 N NA 0.00% 000% 000% |] 000% NIA NIA
ANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL N! INIEX 47103843 N NIA 0.00% 000% 000% |] o0o% NIA NIA
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CL N* IMINX — 47/03D496 N NIA 0.00% 000% 000% NIA NIA
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CL N! JDINX 47 /08D835 N NIA 0.00% 000% 0.00% NIA NIA
JANUS RESEARCH FD CL N! JRANX — 47/03D827 N NIA 0.00% 000% 0.00% NIA NA
JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD Ch. N! JSHNX ——-47/03D819 N NIA 0.00% 000% 0.00% NIA NA
JANUS TRITON FD CL.N JGMNX 47103793 N NA 0.00% 000% 0.00% NIA

JANUS VENTURE FD CL N' JVINX 4703785 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% —— 0.00% NIA

PERKINS GLOBAL VALUF FD CL N’ JPPNX 471030769 N NIA 0.00% 000% 0.00% NIA NIA
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL N! JFNX 471030579 N NIA 0.00% 000% 0.00% NIA NA
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD Cl. N' JPLNX 471030751 N NIA 0.00% 000% 0.00% NIA NIA
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLS! SDPNX 47103744 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA N/A
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL N JVSNX 471090736 x NA 0.00% 000% 0.00% NA NA
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL N! JDSNX ——-47)03D728 N NIA 0.00% 000% 000% NIA NA
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL N! JPVNX —_47103D710 N NA 0.00% 000% 000% NA

JANUS BALANCED FD CLR JDBRX —47/03€803 R 0.60% x 00% 010% 0.15% NA

JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL R. JCNRX 474030845 Rk 060% x 00% 010% 015% NA

ANUS ENTERPRISE PDCL R JDMRX ——-47}030787 R 0.60% x ©.00% 010% = 0.15% NA

  

DocuSign Envelope ID: 7E303BA6-22D5-49C0-A4D5-273AA7FBBEFB

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

Exhibit ©
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL JDFRX 471030738 R 0.60% x 6.00% 010% 015% NA NA
JANUS FORTY FDCLR JDCRX —_47103A641 R 0.60% x 0.00% 010% 015% NA NA
JANUS FUND CL R SDGRX 471030570 R 0.60% x 0.00% 010% 015% NA NA
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL SDWRX —47103C282 R 0.60% x 0.00% 010% 015% NA NA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CL R JORRX ——47103C5)4 Rk 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% NIA NIA
Janus Global Uncenstrained Bond Fund - Class R JUCRX 47103298 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% NA N/A
SDNRX 47103621 R 0.60% x 0.00% 010% NA NA
JHYRX 471030563 R 0.60% x 000% 010% NA NA
JRIEX 47103526 R 0.60% x 0.00% 010% NIA NA
SDIRX 471030456 ® 060% x 000% 010% 0.15% NA NIA
JANUS TRITON FDCLR JGMRX 471030340 R 06% x 0.00% 010% 0.15% NA NIA
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLR SDPRX —47103€233 R 060% x 0.00% 010% 0.18% NA NA
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLR SDSRX ——-47103€175 R 0.60% x 0.00% 010% 0.18% NA NIA
es EMRGNG MRKTS MANAGED VOLFD yy cx 47103330 s 0.40% x 0.00% «0.15% 0.10% NA NIA
recs GLOBAL INCOME MANAGED VOLFD nex 47103118 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% == 0.10% |] 050% NA NA
wen INTERNATIONAL MANAGED VOLFD icy 47103757 s 0.40% x 0.00% «0.15% 0.10% |} 050% NIA NIA
INTECH US CORE FD CLS SLCIX —-47103€407 s 0.40% x 000% 0.15% 0.10% fH osc% JA NA
INTECH US MANAGED VOL FDCL S JRSSX 471034690 s 0.40% x 000% 015% 010% | 050% NA NIA
JANUS ADAPTIVE GLBL ALLOCATION FDCLS — JAGSX 471030256 s 040% x 0.00% 015% 010% |] 050% NIA NA
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CL S JAQSX 47] 038338 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |] osc% NIA NA
JANUS BALANCED FD CLS JABRX 471030886 s 040% x 0.00% 015% 010% |] 050% NIA NA
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLS JENIX 471030837 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |] 050% NA NA
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FDCLS — IDASX 47103645 s 0.40% x 0.00% O1s%  —oto% |] osor% NA NIA
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL S IMFSX 47/0310 s 040% x 0.00% 015% 010% |] 050% NIA NIA
JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CL S JGRTX ——47103€779 s 0.40% x 015% 010% |] os0% NIA NIA
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL S JADEX — 47}030720 s 0.40% x 0.00% O1s% 010% |] 050% NA NA
JANUS FORTY FD CLS JARTX 471034633 s 0.40% x 0 00% 015% 010% |] 050% NIA NA
JANUS FUND CL $ SGORX 471030662 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 010% |] 050% NA NA
ce ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE  icasx —47103A401 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 010% |] 050% NA NA
PANUS GLOBAL ALLOCATIONGROWTH EPC gesx 471034807 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% — 010% |] sor NIA NA
aes GLOBAL ALLOCATION-MODERATE FD nsosx 47103850 s x 0.00% O1S% 0.10% 05% NIA NA
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD C1. S JGBSX 471038445 s x 0.00% «015% = 010% |] 050% NIA NA
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLS JENSX 471023457 s x 000% «015% 010% |] 050% NIA NA
JANUS GLOBAL REALESTATE FDCLS JERSX —_47/03AS75 s x 000% 015% 0.10% | 050% NIA NA
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL$ JWGRX —47103C274 s x 000% 15% = 010% |] sor NIA NA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CL S JORIX —_47103C498 s x 000% = 0.15% = 0.10% HT 050% NIA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLS JATSX 471023325 s x 9.00% 015% 010% |] 050% NIA NA
UANUS GLOBAL UNCONSTRAINED BONDFDCL  wicsx 471030413 s x 0.00% 0.15% 010% |] oso% NA NA
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL $ JADGX 471030613 s x 2.06% 015% — 010% |] csa% NIA NA
ANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CL S SDHYX —47103C555 s x 0.00% 015% 010% |] cs0% NIA NA
JANUS INTL EQUITY CLASS S JSIEX 47 )03AS18 s x 0.00% 015% — oto% |] 050% NA NA
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CL $ IMUSX 471030488 s x 0.00% 015% 010% |] osore NA NA
ANUS OVERSEAS FD CLS GRX 471030449 s x 0.00% 015% — 010% |] oso% NIA NA
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CL S JURSX 47103237 s x 0.00% 015% — o10% |] cso% NA NA
ANUS RESEARCH FD CL S JRASX 471023275 s x 0.00% 015% 010% |] 050% NIA NA
JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLS JSHSX 471023234 s x 0.00% 015% 010% |] 050% NA NA
JANUS TRITON FD CI S JGMIX 471080332 s x 0.00% «015% = 010% |] 050% NA NIA
JANUS VENTURE FD CLS JVTSX 471038387 s 0.40% x 0.00% 10% |} oso% NIA NA
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CL S SPPSX 47023416 s 0.40% x 0.00% 010% || os0% NA NA
PERKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL$ JESX 47 /03DS61 s 6.40% x 0.00% o1o% |] oso% NA NA
RAINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLS JAPSX 4705278 s 0.40% x 0.00% 010% |] oso% NA NA
RKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CL S IMVIX s 0.40% x 0.00% 10% || vso% NA NA

 

   

DocuSign Envelope ID: 7E303BA6-22D5-49C0-A4D5-273AA7FBBEFB

    

    

     
 

     

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

    

 

 

 

   
 

Exhibit C
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLS. ISVSX —-4TIO3E189 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% NA
PERKINS SMALL CAP VALUE FD CLS MSCX 471030167 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.13% 0 10% N/A
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLS JPVSX ——-47103E577 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% N/A
PATE CHEMRGNG IRKTS MANAGED OLED orry 47103522 T 035% x x x x $12 sie 0.00% NA
et GLOBAL INCOME MANAGED VOLED ner 47038247 T 0.35% x x x x si2 sie 0.00% 0.35% NIA
ee INTERNATIONAL MANAGED VOLED avery 47103740 T 0.35% x x x x si2 si6 N/A
INTECH US, CORE FD CLT JRMSX 471023556 T 035% x x x x siz sis NIA
INTECH US. MANAGED VOL FD CLT JRSTX 47103682 T 0.35% x x x x gi2 S16 NIA
JANUS ADAPTIVE GLBL ALLOCATION FDCLT = JVGTX 47103223 T 0.35% x x x x si2 s16 NA
JANUS ASIA EQUITY FD CLT JAQTX 47103320 T 0.35% x x x x siz sis NIA
JANUS BALANCED FD CLT JABAX 471023879 T 0.35% x x x x si2 sis N/A
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL T JSVAX 471023655 T 0.35% x x x x $12 S16 0.35% NIA
JANUS DIVERSIFIED ALTERNATIVES FDCLT = JDATX 471030637 T 0.35% x x x x s12 sie 0.00% 0.35% NIA
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CLT JMFTX ——-47103E494 T 0.35% x x x x si2 st6 0.00% N/A
JANUS ENTERPRISE FD CLT JAENX 471023804 T x x x x $12 $16 0.00% N/A
JANUS FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLT JAFIX 471023606 T x x x x $12 316 0.00% N/A
JANUS FORTY FD CLT. JACTX 47) 034625 T x x x x si2 S16 0.00% NA
JANUS FUND CLT JANSX 471023101 T x x x x si2 516 0.00% NIA
hao c OBAL ALLOCATION-CONSERVATIVE epoxy 471023499 T x x x x siz S16 0.00% NA
panes GLOBAL ALLOCATION-GROWTH. ED CL X —47}023523 T x x x x $2 S16 0.00% 035% NA
eas GLOBAL ALLOCATIONMODERATE FD sepagy 47023515 x x x x siz S16 0.00% 035% NIA
JANUS GLOBAL BOND FD CLT JHBTX 471036437 T x x x x 12 $16 000% NIA
JANUS GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES FD CLT JAGLX 471023671 T x x x x siz $16 N/A
JANUS GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD CLT JERTX 471034567 Tv x x x x siz sis NIA
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CLT JAWWX 471023309 T x x x x siz sié N/A
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLT JORNX 471023648 T x x x x 12 si6 NIA
ANUS GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD CLT JAGTX 471023663 T x x x x $i2 S16 NIA
anus OBAL UNCONSTRAINED BOND FDCLucry  agyo3p307 T x x x x si sis WIA
pane JOVERNMENT MONEY MARKET FDCL ayy ga ygnag20 1 ae so te WA
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL T JAGIX 471023200 T x x x x $12 S16 NIA
JANUS HIGH-YIELD FD CLT JAHYX 474023762 T x x x x si2 $16 NIA
JANUS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY FD CL T JAITX 471034492 T 035% x x x x si2 $16 NIA
ANUS MONEY MARKET FD CLT JAMXX 471023838 T 0.35% $12 $16 NIA
JANUS MULTI SECTOR INCOME FUND CL T JMUTX —47103D470 T 035% x x x x $12 $16 NIA
JANUS OVERSEAS FD CLT JAOSX 471023846 T 035 x x x x siz S16 NIA
JANUS REAL RETURN FD CLT JURTX —— 47103A211 1 x x x x $12 S16 NIA
JANUS RESEARCH FD CLT JAMRX 471023853 T x x x x si2 si6 N/A
JANUS SHORT TERM BOND FD CLT JASBX 47) 023887 T x x x x siz S16 NIA
JANUS TRITON FD CLT JATIX ——-47)023549 T x x x x si2 sis NIA
JANUS TWENTY FD CLT JAVLX 471023408 T ’ x x x siz Si6 NA
JANUS VENTURE FD CLT JAVTX 471023507 T x x x x $12 S16 NIA
PERKINS GLOBAL VALUE FD CLT JGVAX 471023622 T x x x x si2 S16 NIA
RKINS INTERNATIONAL VALUE FD CL T JIFTX 47031553 t x x x x siz S16 NA
PERKINS LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLT JPLTX ——47103A260 T x x x x siz S16 0.00% NA
PERKINS MID CAP VALUE FD CLT IMCVX 471023598 T x x x x siz Si6 0.00" NA
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CLT JSVIX ——-47103E17! T x x x x siz S16 0.00% NIA
KINS SMALL CAP VALUE JSCVX ——47)023572 T x x x x si2 $16 NA
JPVIX 471038569 T x x x x si2 Si6 NA

 

     

 

* Monthly Minimum Fee waived if average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million, reduced by amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or Postion Fees generated during same penod

DocuSign Envelope ID: 7E303BA6-22D5-49C0-A4D5-273AA7FBBEFB
Exhibit C

** Fidelity shall be entitled to a re-allowance of the initial sales charge as set forth 1n the then-current Prospectus and/or SAI Fidelity shail be entitied to such re-allowance upon receipt of purchase funds from customers in the Brokerage Channels Further, in accordance with each
Fund's Prospectus and/or SAI, Distributor or any affiliate of the Distributor may. but 18 not obligated to, make payments to Fidelity from Distributors or such affiliate's own resources as compensation for certain sales that are made at net asset value. - Reallowance of initial sales
charge (front-end load) on Class A assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for the services contemplated by this Agreement

*** As reflected under RFN Fee Column in Exhibit C

**9* For purposes of fund availability to the Brokerage Channels, the parties acknowledge and agree that the term “investment adviser” or “adviser” 1s intended to include registered investment advisers, third party administrators, banks, trust departments, and family office chents
Ifa fund is designated as “Correspondents (Fee-Based)” on this Exhibit C, the fund may be made available under the No Transaction Fee Fund Program to Correspondents for managed accounts, Fund/ Agent acknowledges and agrees that FBS wall make Class I shares of funds

available to family office clients unless Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary Fund/Agent further acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make fund shares available on a load-waived basis to accounts maintained for employee benefit plans and fee-based accounts mamntained
through investment advisers unless the Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary

  

   

1 With respect to the purchase of Class N shares, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Funds' Prospectus, NFS or its affiliates may allow the purchase of Class N shares by the Janus Capital Group Inc. Mutual Fund Share Investment Plan. The foregoing is not intended to
authorize NFS or its affiliates to allow the purchase of Class N shares by account types not eligible under the terms of the Prospectus.

 

* 1.00% ON Class C assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for services contemplated by this Agreement

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

AMENDMENT

THIS AMENDMENT (“Amendment”), effective as of June 2, 2017, is by and among National
Financial Services LLC, Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations
Company, Inc., Janus Distributors LLC (“Distributor”) and Janus Services LLC (“Janus Services” and,
together with Distributor, “Fund/Agent”);

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Fidelity and Fund/Agent entered into a Services Agreement dated April 1, 2009 (as
amended from time to time, the “Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative services provided to
beneficial owners of shares of mutual funds or other investment products;

WHEREAS, Janus Capital Group Inc. — the parent company of Distributor and Janus Services —
and Henderson Group plc entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the “Merger”) that resulted in an
initiative to merge shareholders of the Henderson U.S. mutual funds (the “Henderson Funds”) into the
Funds creating a combined mutual fund platform;

WHEREAS, effective after market close on June 2, 2017, the Henderson Funds merged into the
Funds in accordance with the Merger, and the parties desire to replace Exhibit C to the Agreement to
reflect this combined mutual fund platform; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the relevant
sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Adding the following new paragraph to the end of Article Three, Section IV:

Fund/Agent and the Funds agree that the terms of this Article Three, Section IV shall apply
to Proprietary Information received by employees, agents or other advisors (collectively,
“Employees”) of Henderson Global Investors (North America) Inc., the Henderson Funds, or
their respective affiliates that become Employees of Fund/Agent, the Funds or their
respective affiliates, without regard to whether any such Employee received the Propriety
Information before becoming an Employee of Fund/Agent, the Funds or their respective
affiliates.

(2) Restating in its entirety Exhibit C as attached hereto.

Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them
in the Agreement. This amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts (including via electronic
transmission), each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one

and the same instrument. Except as modified herein, the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect.

(signature page follows)

1 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Amendment as of the

date first above written.

 

Janus Distributors LLC

Janus Services LLC

 

 

 

National Financial Services LLC
Member NYSE, SIPC

DocuSigned by:
(havli. Gurrmia
By: 6BE45596D4C0483.

Name: Charlie Geremia

Title: _ VP
Date: 6/14/2017

Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations
Company, Inc

DocuSigned by:

Rachel Tiler
By: [redid Tor
Name: Rachel Tyler

Title: svP
Date: 6/8/2017

 

 

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Member NYSE, SIPC

DocuSigned by

py: | Carelyn Clancy

Name: Carolyn Clancy

Title. EVP FundsNetwork

Date: 6/9/2017

 

 

 

Confidential Information

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

Exhibit C

UNIVERSAL FEES:
Invoice

Fee Type Fee Frequency Frequency

Fees
Fund Family Add Fee (Start Up Fee) One-time. One-time $15000 Per Fund Family (WAIVED)

$6000 Per CUSIP (Waived if CUSIP ts an

CUSIP Add Fee One-time Onestime “NTF Fund within Brokerage Channel)

IMMF Implementation Fee One-time ‘One-time $25000 Per Fund Firm (WAIVED)

Monthly
(invoiced) '500,000+

250,000-499,999

Position Reimbursement Fee

Monthly Minimun Fee’ (Invoiced) fb

 

 

Fund Information

 

   
 
 
   
 

   
 
      
 

  

   
 

    
    

    

 

 

 

 

FIIOC Channel Redemption
FIIOC Fee Coding
Channel
Personal Wealth Service Redemption

Fund Name Ticker Cusip __Share Class| Investing Services, Payment Fee Rate
JANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL - . sh
ALLOCATION FD CLA JAGAX —47103D272 A 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND CL A HGAAX — 47103X104" A 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CL A JAQAX 47103E379"" A 0.35% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL A JDBAX 47103506" A 035% NA NIA
SANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CL A JCNAX 47103878" A 035% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED .

Yo Ni ut,
ALTERNATIVES FDCLA JODAX 47103694 A 0.35% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME ~

1% if UA
BUILDER FUND CL A HDAVX 47103X864 A 035% NIA N
eas HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS FD ica 471038551" A 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS
FUND CLA HEMAX — 47103X757 A 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EMRGNG MRKTS -

9 Wi Ny
IMANAGED VOL FD CL A JOLAX 471030389 a 0.35% NIA IK
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CL A JDMAX 47103829" A 0.35% NIA NIA
anus HENDERSON EUROPEANFOCUS FUND pre ay —gnioaxeai A WA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CL A JDCAX 47103674" A NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CL A JDGAX = 47103C712" A NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- eS
CONSERVATIVE FD CLA JCAAX — 47103A104 a NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- w .

c. Ye Ni

GROWTH FD CLA JGCAX — 47103A500' A 0.35% NA vA

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- “° . ° ,
MODERATE FD CLA JMOAX 47103880 A NIA siz 316 0.10%" 0.35% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CL A JGBAX —47103E486"" A NIA $12 $16 0.10%" 0.35% NIA NIA
ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME . . o .
FUND CLA HFQAX —47103X534 A sis siz $16 0.10% 035% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME - s a .
MANAGED VOL FD CLA JGDAX 47103159 A NIA siz $16 0.10% 0.35% NA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL LIFE SCIEN a 0
ieen SON GLO} ICIENCES JENAX 471023481 A NA siz $16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NA
HENDERSON GLOBAL REAL ESTATE . a
eas ON GI FD JERAX 471034617 A NIA siz S16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NA
ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCH FD “ y om
A CL WAX —47103€324 A NIA si2 $16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FDCLA = JORAX =— 47103548" A N/A $12 $16 0.10%" 0.35% NIA NA
ENDE TECHNOL “°
as HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD yaray 471923358 A NA siz si6 035% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ose . y
IUNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL A JUCAX —47103D462 A NIA S12 $lé 0.10% 0.35% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUEFDCLA — JPPAX 471023440" A NIA $12 S16 0.10%" || 0.35% N/A NA
INCOME FD - on
vans HENDERSON GROWTH AND INCO! JDNAX 47103654 A NIA S12 $16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL A JHYAX — 47103C597"" A NA siz 516 010%" HH 0.35% NIA NA
ey HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL EQUITY satex 471034559 A NA si2 si6 0.10%" 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL o 9 y
LONG/SHORT EQUITY FUND CL A HLNAX — 47103X427 A sis $12 S16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL ” 5 y
MANAGED VOL PD CLA JMIAX — 47103A781 A NIA 312 si6 038% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL - 0 .,
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CL A HFOAX —47103X310 A ss 312 si6 0.10% 0.35% N/A NIA
eae HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE SIFAX 471030629" A NIA Siz sié 0.10%"" 0.35% NIA NA
pans HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUEFD CL yapax 471034310" A NIA si2 $16 0.35% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUEFDCLA = JDPAX —47103C266"" A NIA $12 S16 0.35% NIA NIA
fans HENDERSON ULTI SECTOR INCOME JMUAX —47103D546™ A NIA $i2 $16 0.35% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL A JDIAX 47103048 A NIA $12 S16 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CL A JURAX 47103252" A NIA $i2 si6 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL A JRAAX = 4710233177" A NIA $12 S16 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FD CL A JVSAX —47103E239" A NIA $12 S16 0.35% NIA NIA
panes HENDERSON SHORT TERM BONDFD CL siiax 471023267" A NIA $12 516 0.10%" 0.35% NA NIA
panus HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUEFDCL say gaig3c217" A NA si2 516 0.10%" |] 035% NA NA
as HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOMEFUND vieaax 47103862" A sis $12 $16 0.10%"" 0.35% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL A. JGMAX — 47103C373"" A NIA $12 S16 0.10%" 0.35% N/A NIA
PANU HENDERSON US. MANAGED VOLFDCL gga 471034732" A NIA si2 $16 0.10%" 0.35% NA NIA
PANUS HENDERSON US. MANAGED VOLFD CL poax —47103¢100" A NIA si2 $16 0.10%" 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH - s
0.35% N) i
lOPPORTUNITIES FUND CL A HGRAX — 47\03Y755 A sis si2 516 % UA NA
paNus HENDERSON VALUE PLUS INCOMEFD —pyay grig3ice2 NA siz $16 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL A JVTAX 47103429" A NIA siz $16 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BONDFDCLA = SDFAX —47103C761"" A NIA siz $16 035% NIA NA

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

 

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBI. JAVCX 47103264 c NIA $12 S16 0.00% 10%
ALLOCATION FD CLC" “ss 00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND CLC” — HGACX ——_47103X203 c NA si2 S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FDCLC™"" — JAQCX_—«47103E361 c NIA si2 $6 0.00% 1.00% N/A N/A
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CLC" JABCX 47103605 c NIA si2 S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIANFD CLC™"" — JCNCX 47103C860 Cc N/A $i2 $16 0.00% 1.00% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED
os 4710: Nii fo Yo D Ni
ALTERNATIVES FDCLC sJDDCX 103D686 c NIA siz $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME
sone HDCVX —47103X: wi ‘ A i i
BUILDER FUND CLC’ 1c 856 c N/A siz $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS FD
aes i ING IMFCX 47103544 c NIA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
ANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS
prs MCX —-47103X7. a % v
FUND CLC HEMC! 40 c N/A si2 $16 0.00% 1,00% NIA NIA
PANUS HENDERSON EMRGNG MRKTS JOLCX 47103371 c NIA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA Ni
IMANAGED VOL CLC" , ° ° , “
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CLC" JGRCX = 47103C811 c NA siz $16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
NUS HENDERSON El FUND
aes N EUROPEAN FOCUS HFECX —_47103X633 c NIA $12 316 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
RSON FLEXIBLE BO?

bes 'S HENDERSO BOND FD CL JFICX ——-47103C753 c NIA si2 $16 0.00% 1,00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CL Cc" JACCX — 471034666 c NIA $i2 S16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CL C"""" JGOCX 47103696 c NIA siz 516 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDI ALLOCATION-

ERSON GLOBAL. JCACX —_47103A203 c NIA $i2 si6 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA

ICONSERVATIVE FD CLC

JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-
wees 7 Ni fe 1% p
GROWTH FD CLC JGCCX —-47103A609 c A $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA

JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL. ALLOCATION-

 

 

 

 

 

n 7 Ni fe y Ni
MODERATE FD CLC JMOCX —47103A872 c A $12 516 0.00% 1.00% NIA ‘A
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CLC" JGBCX 47103478 Cc NA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
RSON
PANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME = eacx —47103X526 c NIA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
FUND CLC
ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME
ote SDCX 47103 NZ siz si6 0.00% 1.00% vA NIA
IMANAGED VOL FD CL C sone cae c , N
JENCX 471023473 c NIA si2 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JERCX 47103591 c NIA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
NDERSON
al HENDERSON GLOBALRESEARCHFD CL wwe 47103316 c N/A siz S16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
fom $ HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FD Cl. JORCX —47103C530 c NA siz $16 0.00% 1.00% NA NA
ace NDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD saccy 71023341 c NA siz $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL
goove X 47103 siz 16 0.00% 1.00% NA NA
IUNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL C yuce 1osD4sd c NA s
eles 'S HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUE FD CL JPPCX 471023432 c N/A siz $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
a JENDERSON GROWTH ANDINCOME FD icy 471030687 c NA siz $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
|IANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CLC" JDHCX 47103589 c NA siz si6 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA

PANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL EQUITY screy arig3asaz c NIA $12 si6 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA

JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
eave HL 4 419 NIA 312 16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
ILONG/SHORT EQUITY FUND CLC NCX TNOSx41 ¢ 5

 

 

 

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON INT} :
47103. » fs fe y
MANAGED VOL FD CLC JMICX A773 c NIA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NA NA
SANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
47 2 fo fo Mi
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CLC HFOCX 103X294 c NIA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE
FDCLC™ ERSO! ul JECX ——47103D611 c NIA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUE
c VEFDCL  apcx 471034294 c NIA siz S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CL
co JMVCX —47103C258 c NIA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
ANUS HENDERSON MULTI SECTOR INCOME
KDCLC™™ JMUCX —_47103D538 c NIA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL C’ NGCX ——-47103C472 c NIA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CLC" JURCX = 47103A245 c NA $12 $16 0.00% 1,00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CLC" JRACX 471023291 c NIA siz $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FD CL
co JVSCX 471038221 c NIA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON SHORT TERM BOND FD CL
om 1 CL \sHcx 471023259 c NIA si2 $16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL
ae s JESCX 47103191 c NIA si2 $16 0.00% 1,00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FUND
cue HFACX — 47103854 c NIA 512 S16 0.00% 1.00% NA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CLC” JGMCX —47103C365 c NIA Siz S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON U.S. CORE FD CLC" JLOCX 47103C209 c NA siz S16 0.00% 1,00% NIA N/A
ANU! ‘US. MANAGED VOL FD CL
on S HENDERSON US GED VOLFDCL  psex 47103724 c NIA si2 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH
748 Ni Ye fo N
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CLC HGRCX 47103748 c NA siz si6 0.00% 1,00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON VALUE PLUS INCO}
cL ‘OME FD sPVCX 47103619 c NA siz S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL Cc” SVTCX 47103E411 Cc NA 312 $16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL s oe
MANAGED VOL FD CLI JMIIX 47103765 1 NIA $12 si6 0.10% 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL Y
ALLOCATION FD CLI JVGIX 471030249 1 NIA siz $16 0.10% NIA NA
SANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND CL 1 HGAIX —47103X401 1 NIA si2 516 0.10% N/A NIA
ANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CL I JAQIX 47103346 I NA siz sis 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL I JBALX —47103C704 I NA si2 S16 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CLI JCONX 47103852 I NA $12 $16 0.10% N/A NA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED a ,
ALTERNATIVES FD CLI JDAIX 47103660 I NA 512 S16 0.10% 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME ea
BUILDER FD CLI HDIVX — 47103X831 1 NIA $12 si6 0.10%" 0.10% NIA NIA
as HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS FD verry 47103528 1 NIA $12 si6 0.10%" |} 0.10% NIA NA
PANES HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS HEMIX —47103X724 I NIA $12 $16 0.10%"" 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CL 1 SMGRX —47103C795 1 NIA $12 316 0.10%" 0.10% NIA NIA
ANUS HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FD CLI HFEIX = 47103X617 I NIA si2 S16 0.10%" |] 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL 1 JFLEX 47103746 1 NA siz S16 0.10%" |} 0.10% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CL 1 JCAPX 47103658 I NIA $12 S16 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CL I JGROX 47103688 1 NIA $12 si6 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-
v 0.10% Ni yh
CONSERVATIVE FD CLI JCAIX 471034302 I NIA si2 si6 A NIA
| ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-
47 vi 12 0% NIA NIA
GROWTH FD CLI IGCIX 1034708 1 NIA s S16 0.10% u
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-
fo Ni
MODERATE FD CLI JMOIX ——-47103A864 I NIA si2 516 0.10% A NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CLI JGBIX 47103452 1 NA siz $16 0.10% NA NIA

 

 

 

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON EQUITY INCOME -
FDCLI GLOBAL EQUITY INCO! HFQIX —-47403X492 I NA $12 S16 0.10% 0.10% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME oe ys y
MANAGED VOL FD CLI IGDIX —_47103C126 I NIA $i2 $16 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
SANUS HENDERSON
ED CLi GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES JENIX 471023465 I NA $2 $16 0.10%" |} 0.10% N/A NA
as TENDERSON GLOBAL REALESTATEFD gery 47103583 I NIA si2 sig a. 10%" |] 0.10% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON Gi ARCH FD CL
f N GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL ywwex — 47103¢290 I NIA $12 316 0.10%" |} 0.10% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FDCLI = JORFX=—47103C522 1 N/A $12 $16 0.10%" |] 0.10% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD

pane N GLOBAL TECHNO! JATIX 471023333 I NA $i2 $16 0.10%" 0.10% NIA NIA
ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL , ‘ 1
JUNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL I FUCIX —47103D439 ! NA siz S16 0.10% 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUE FD CLI JPPIX 471023424 I NIA siz $16 0.10% NA NIA
RANUS HENDERSON GROWTH ANDINCOMEFD gmx 471030639 I NA si2 S16 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CLI JHYFX 47103571 I NA siz si6 0.10% NIA NA
VANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL EQUI SEX 47103534 I NIA si2 si 0.10% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL 5 y
LONG/SHORT EQUITY FD CLI HLNIX —47103X385 I NA siz sis 0.10%" 0.10% NZ NA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL , oe .
OPPORTUNITIES FD CLI HFOIX —_-47103X278 I NIA $12 S16 0.10%’ 0.10% N/A NIA
PANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE SIFIX 47103DS87 I NIA $12 SI6 0.10%" 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUEFD CLI JAPIX 47103286 I NIA si2 si6 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CLI JMVAX —47103C241 1 NA siz $16 o.10%'™" |] 0.10% N/A NIA
RANUS HENDERSON ULTI SECTOR INCOME JMUIX 47103512 1 NIA $i2 S16 0.10%" 0.10% NYA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CLI GFX —-47103C464 I NIA $12 S16 0.10% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CLI JURIX 471034229 I NIA siz si6 0.10% NA NYA
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL 1 JRAIX 471023283 I NIA $12 316 0.10% NIA NA
ANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FD CL I JVSIX —-47103E197 I NIA si2 $16 0.10% NA NIA
Fi JANUS HENDERSON SHORT TERM BONDFDCL six 474023242 I NIA si2 S16 0.10% NA N/A
t ANUS HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUEFDCL  jeccoy A7103C 183 1 NIA Siz $16 0.10%" 0.10% NIA NA
ie rs HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FUND paix 47103839 I NIA si2 $16 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL I JSMGX —_47103C357 1 NIA siz 316 0.10% NIA NIA
SANUS HENDERSON US. CORE FD CLI JRMCX —_47103C308 I NIA siz $16 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH 5

c vi 6 % A
OPPORTUNITIES FD CLI HGRIX 47103722 I NA s12 31 0.10% NIA N/A
panes HENDERSON VALUE PLUS INCOME FD pix 471038585 I NA siz si6 0.10%" |} 0.10% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL 1 IVTIX ——47103E395 I NA siz $16 0.10%" |] 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON EMRGNG MRKTS o s

4 ui 6 he % NIA NA

 SANAGED VOL FD CLI JOLIX 71030355 I A $12 $1 0.10% 0.10%
yANUs HENDERSON US. MANAGED VOL FD CL pgyy ATLOZAT16 I NIA $12 $16 0.10%" 0.10% NA NYA
panus HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUEFDCL sry 47103564 L NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUEFDCLL = JMIVX 471023580 L NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA NA
fe 1 YT EMRONG MRKTS MANAGED VOL FD JOLNX 471030348 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NIA
INTECH Gi . : ED VOL
cL. v GLOBAL INCOME MANAGED VOLE cgyex 471036163 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CL N! JCNNX 47103207 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% N/A NA

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

 

 

 

 

 

Exhibit
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL N' IMFNX 47103D306 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL N' JDWNX 47103D777 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CL N* JSLNX 47103D876 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL N' JDNNX 47103D868 N N/A 6.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON U.S.CORE FD N! IRCNX 47103E148 N N/A 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% N/A NA
JANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL_
47103D231 v Ni Yo Yo fo Ye t Ni
ALLOCATION FD CL N! JAGNX ‘103D: N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND CL N' HGARX 47103X500 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL N! JABNX 47103D108 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED
ALTERNATIVES FD CL N' JDANX 47103D652 N NIA 0.00% 000% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME
Vv 47103X823 N fo fo Yo %e
BUILDER FUND CLN! HDRVX NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS
1 HEMRX AT103X716 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
FUND CL N’
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CL N! JDMNX 47103D405 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
ANUS HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FUND
cLN! HFERX 47103X591 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL N' JDFNX 47103D504 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CL N' JFRNX 47103D603 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FUND CL
panes NDERSON G IGLNX 47103D801 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 9.00% 0.00% NA NA
n
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME .
FUND CLIN! HFQRX 4T103X484 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
JANUS TECHNOLOGY FD
cur 'S HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOG' JATNX 47103D181 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL
Tu M4: y Ul fo Ye fo Yo Ni Ni
UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL N! CNX 47103D421 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA iA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUE FD CL N’ JPPNX 47103D769 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL N’ JHYNX 47103D850 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
47103X377 N M Yo 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% Ni
LONG/SHORT EQUITY FUND CL N' HLNRX ' “a 0.00% NA NA
JANUS TONAL
NUS HENDERSON INTERNAT! 0 IMRNX 47103E155 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
MANAGED VOL FD CL’
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
HFOSX 47103X260 NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CL N!
ANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL SMALL
47103YS08 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% Nh i
CAP FUND CLN' HGRRX 103 NIA NIA
JANUS HENDE! ERNATIONAL VALUE
FD CLN! RSON INT} 0. JIFNX 47103D579 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
JANUS HENDI z Fl
ue ERSON LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL. SPLNX 47103D751 N NIA 6.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CL N! JDPNX 47103D744 N N/A 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
PE NDERSON TI SECTOR INCOME IMTNX 47103D496 N N/A 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL N' JDINX 47103D835 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL Nt JRANX 47103D827 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
panes HENDERSON SHORT TERM BOND FD CL JSHNX 47103D819 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
- L VALUI
a HENDERSON S L CAP VALUE FD CL JDSNX 47103D728 N N/A 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NIA
ae HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME F' HIZRX 47103Y821 N N/A 0.00% 000% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL N' JGMNX 47103D793 N NIA 0.00% 000% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON US. MANAGED VOLFDN' — JRSNX 47103122 N NA 0.00% 000% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NIA
PANUS HENDERSON us GRO' HFARX ATL03Y714 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
JOPPORTUNITIES FUND CL N'

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

 

 

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL N' IVTNX 47103D785 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL N! IVSNX 47103D736 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA N/A
IPERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CL N’ IPVNX 47103D710 N N/A 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CLR JDBRX 47103C803 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% O.1S% 075% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CLR JCNRX 47103C845 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 075% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CL R- JDMRX 47103C787 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 015% 0.75% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLR JDFRX 47103C738 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CLR SDCRX 471 03A641 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CL R JDGRX 47103C670 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% O.15S% 0.75% NIA NA
NUS HENDE ' L
pans HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCH FD C JDWRX 47403C282 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FD CLR JORRX 47103C514 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL y y
UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLR JUCRX 47103D298 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NIA NIA
ee R 'S HENDERSON GRO AND INCOME FD JDNRX 47103C621 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CLR JHYRX —47103C563 R 0.60% x 000% o10% 015% |! 073%  — NIA NA
PANS HENDERSON TERNATIONAL EQUITY yrgex 47103526 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% = 015% |] 0.75% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL . . . ‘
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CLR HFORX 47103X245 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 015% 0.75% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CLR JDPRX 47103C233 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 015% 0.75% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CLR. JDIRX 471030456 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 015% 0.75% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL R JRARX 47103D173 R 0.60% x 0.00% 010% 0.15% 0.75% NA NIA
paNus HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUEFD CL nsex 47103175 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% += 015% |} 0.75% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CLR JIGMRX 47103C340 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL . .
|ALLOCATION ED CLS JAGSX 47103D256 s 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 010% 0.50% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FD CL S HGAQX 47103X807 s 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CLS JAQSX 47103E338 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL S JABRX 47103C886 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CLS JCNIX 47103837 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.18% 0.10% |] 050% NIA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED
40% fo Ya fo fo
ALTERNATIVES FD CLS JDASX 47103D645 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
SANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME . 5 . s
BUILDER FD CLS HDQVX 47103X781 s 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
ys HENDERSON EMERGING M SED JMFSX 47103ES10 Ss 040% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
en 8 ‘S HENDERSON EMERGING M. BTS FD HEMSX 47103X674 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NIA
SANUS HENDERSON EMRGNG MRKTS
40% fo % fo fo Ni

IMANAGED VOL FD CLS JOLSX 47103D330 s 0.40% xX 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA iA
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CLS JGRTX 47103C779 s 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FDCLS = HFESX 47103X567 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLS. JADFX 47103C720 s 0.40% x 0.00% O15S% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CLS JARTX 47103A633 s 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CL S JGORX 47103C662 s 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- 7
CONSERVATIVE FD CLS JCASX AT103A401 Ss 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 010% 0.50% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- :

Yo Yo 1% 0.50% Ni NA
GROWTH FD CLS . IGCSX 47103A807 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.108 50% A
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- "4 a
MODERATE FD CLS JMOSX 47103A856 s 040% x 0.00% 015% 010% 050% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CL S$ JGBSX 47103445 s 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% N/A NA
PANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME HFQSX 47103X450 Ss 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA

 

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

 

 

 

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME ,
IMANAGED VOL FD CLS JGDSX 47103C118 s 0.40% x 0.00% 018% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
PANGS HENDERSON GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES JENSX 471023457 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
ans HENDERSON GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD JERSX AT7IC3ASTS s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.18% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
pans HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL JIWGRX 471030274 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FD CLS JORIX 47103C498 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% 0.50% NA NIA
HNC
as HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD JATSX 471023325 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 010% 0.50% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL , , ,
IUNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLS Jucsx 47103D413 s 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUE FD CL $ JPPSX 471023416 s 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
anus TENDERSON GROWTH AND INCOMEFD — yangx 471030613 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 010% |} 050% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CLS SDHYX 47103555 8 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 010% |] 050%  — NIA NA
PANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL EQUITY igiex 471034518 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% | 050% NA NA
ANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL , . Y
LONG/SHORT EQUITY FD CLS HLNSX 47103X344 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NIA
ANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL .
MANAGED VOL FD CLS JMISX 471 03A757 Ss 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
ANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL , . ,
OPPORTUNITIES FD CL S HFOQX 47103X237 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NIA
E N IATION, s

Ge INTERN NAL SMALL HIZSX 47103Y805 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NIA
PANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE siegx 471030561 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 10% | 050% NA NA
eins HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL JAPSX 47103A278 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CLS IMVIX 47103C225 s 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NIA
PANGS HENDERSON 71 SE R INCOME IMUSX 47103D488 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL S JIGRX 471030449 s 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CL S JURSX 47103A237 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% O.1S% 0.10% 0.50% NA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL S JRASX 471023275 8 040% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FD CL S$ JSVSX 47103E189 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
pans HENDERSON SHORT TERM BOND FD CL JSHSX 471023234 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.18% 0.10% 0.50% NA NIA
panes HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL JISCX AT103C 167 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
anus HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOMEFD CL yeasx 47303789 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% || 050% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL S JGMIX 47103C332 s 0.40% x 0.00% 15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
| ANUS HENDERSON US. CORE FD CL$ JLCIX 47103407 s 0.40% x 000% 015% 010% |] osom NIA NA
ans HENDERSON US, MANAGED VOLFD CL irsex 47103690 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 010% | 050% NIA NA
ANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH y

Ye 1S% 1% Ye NA N
OPPORTUNITIES FD CLS HGRSX 47103Y672 Ss 040% x 0.00% os 0.10% 0.50% vA
ans HENDERSON VALUE PLUS INCOME FD JPVSX 47103ES77 s x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL S JVTSX 471 03E387 s x 0.00% 015% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
[SANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL_ >

2 V Yo Ye Nu NIA
FALLOCATION FD CLT IVGTX 47103D223 T x x x x $1 S16 0.00% 0.35% A
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FD CL T HGATX 47103X880 T x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CL T JAQTX 47103E320 T x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 035% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL T JABAX 471023879 T x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 035% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CL T JSVAX 471023655 T x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 035% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED 7

fo SY Vi i

ALTERNATIVES FD CLT JDATX 47103D637 T x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA

 

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

 

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME 5 ° y y
BUILDER FD CLT HDTVX —47103X773 T 0.35% x x x x siz sis 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
1$ HENDERSON E} NG MARKETS FD
aes HENDE MERGING M s JMFTX —_47103E494 T 0.35% x x x x siz $16 0.00% 035% NIA NIA
ENDERSON EME! MARKET!
as HENDERSON EMERGING SED  HEMTX — 47103X66 T 0.35% x x x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EMRGNG MRKTS 0 y . 7
MANAGED VOLFD CLT JOLTX 47103322 T 0.35% x x x x siz si6 0,00% 0.35% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CLT JAENX 471023804 T 0.35% x x x x si2 516 0.00% 0.35% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FD CLT HFETX —_47103X559 T 0.35% x x x si2 316 0.00% 035% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLEBONDFDCLT = JAFIX. 471023606 T 035% x x x x siz si6 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CL T JACTX 471034625 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CL T JANSX 47102310! T 0.35% x x x x 12 si6 0.00% 0.35% NIA NA
ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- * »
CONSERVATIVE FD CLT JSPCX 471023499 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- 9 7 »
GROWTH FD CLT JSPGX 471023523 T 0.35% x x x x si2 316 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- 9 9
SSOARATA FDCLT JISPMX 471023515 T 035% x x x x $12 si6 0.00% 0.38% NiA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CL T JHBTX ——47103E437 T 0.35% x x x x si2 516 0.00% 035% NA NIA
HANS HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME ory 47103X443 T 0.35% x x x x siz S16 0.00% 035% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME . .
MANAGED VOLFD CLT SDGTX —-47103E247 T 0.35% x x x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
PA HENDERSON GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES JAGLX 471023671 T 0.35% x x x x siz S16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
eur S HENDERSON GLOBAL REALESTATEFD — eptx 47103367 T 0.35% x x x x siz S16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
pANUs HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL aww 471023309 T 035% x x x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FDCLT © JORNX —471023648 T 0.35% x x x x siz si6 0.00% 0.35% NIA N/A
as HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD sacry 471023663 T 0.35% x x x x si2 $16 0.00% 035% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL » . Y
LINCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLT JUCTX —-47103D397 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NA
SANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUEFDCLT = JGVAX 471023622 T 035% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GOVERNMENT MONEY
% fe % Ni
MARKET FD CLT JAGXX 471023820 T 0.35% si2 $16 0.00% 035 NA A
ct HENDERSON GROWTH AND INCOMEFD yay 471023200 v 0.35% x x x x siz si6 0.00% 0.35% N/A NIA
sANUS HENDERSON HIGH. YIELD FD CLT JAHYX 471023762 T 035% x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
nw SE ENPERSON INTERNATIONAL EQUITY yarrx 47103492 T 0.33% x x x x $12 si6 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL ;
% % % 7

LONGISHORT EQUITY FD CLT HLNTX —47103X336 T 0.35% x x x x siz S16 0.00% 0.35% NiA NIA
ANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL, . s
MANAGED VOL FD CLT JRMTX —47103A740 T 0.35% x x x x si2 S16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL . >

7 fe 2 6 % 0.35% A,
OPPOR’ ESIDCLT HFOTX — 47103X229 T 0.35% x x x x $1 si 0.00% NIA N
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL SMALL HIZTX = 47103888 T 0.35% x x x x si2 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
ICAP FD CLT
ANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE = yierx 47103553 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 035% NA NA
pans HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUEFDCL spy tx 471034260 T 035% x x x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUEFDCLT = JMCVX 471023598 T 0.35% x x x x $i2 S16 0.00% 0.35% NA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON MONEY MARKET FDCLT — JAMXX 471023838 T 0.35% si2 $16 0.00% 035% NIA NA
PANUS HENDERSON MULTISECTOR INCOME == yurx 47103470 T 0.35% x x x x $12 516 0.00% 0.35% NIA NA

 

 

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  

 

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL T JAOSX 471023846 T x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 035% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CL T JURTX 47103A211 T x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL T JAMRX 471023853 T x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA vA
JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FD CL T ISVTX ATIO3E171 T x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 035% NIA NIA
panus HENDERSON SHORT TERM BOND FD CL JASBX 471023887 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NA
HANUS HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUEFD CL scyx 471023572 T 035% x x x x siz sie 0.00% |} 035% NA NIA
panus HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FD CL HFATX 47103771 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 035% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL T JATTX 471023549 T 0.35% x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON U.S. CORE FD CL T JRMSX 471023556 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 000% 0.35% NIA NA
panus HENDERSON US. MANAGED VOL FD CL SRSTX 4T103A682 T 0.35% x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH
47) Ye fo Yo NI

OPPORTUNITIES FD CLT HGRTX 103Y664 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NA
as HENDERSON VALUE PLUSINCOMEFD pry 471038569 T 0.35% x x siz S16 0.00% |} 035% NIA NA
IANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CIT JAVTX 471023507 T 035% x x x x $12 sis 0.00% || 035% NIA NIA

 

* Monthly Minimum Fee waived if average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million; reduced by amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during same period.

** Fidelity shall be entitled to a re-allowance of the initial sales charge as set forth in the then-current Prospectus and/or SAI. Fidelity shall be entitled to such re-allowance upon receipt of purchase finds from customers in the Brokerage Channels. Further, in accordance with each
Fund's Prospectus and/or SAI, Distributor or any affiliate of the Distributor may, but is not obligated to, make payments to Fidelity from Distributor's or such affiliate's own resources as compensation for certain sales that are made at net asset value. - Reallowance of initial sales charge
(front-end load) on Class A assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for the services contemplated by this Agreement.

*** As reflected under RFN Fee Column in Exhibit

 

For purposes of fund availability to the Brokerage Channels, the parties acknowledge and agree that the term “investment adviser” or “adviser” is intended to include registered investment advisers, third party administrators, banks, trust departments, and family office clients, If
fund is designated as “Correspondents (Fee-Based)” on this Exhibit C, the fund may be made available under the No Transaction Fee Fund Program to Correspondents for managed accounts, Fund/Agent acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make Class I shares of funds available to
family office clients unless Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary. Fund/Agent further acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make fund shares available on a load-waived basis to accounts maintained for employee benefit plans and fee-based accounts maintained through
investment advisers unless the Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary.

1 With respect to the purchase of Class N shares, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Funds' Prospectus, NFS or its affiliates may allow the purchase of Class N shares by the Janus Capital Group Inc. Mutual Fund Share Investment Plan, The foregoing is not intended to
authorize NFS or its affiliates to allow the purchase of Class N shares by account types not eligible under the terms of the Prospectus

*#*** 1.00% ON Class C assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for services contemplated by this Agreement.

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

June 2, 2017

Fidelity Investments

155 Seaport Boulevard, ZW10B

Boston, MA 02210

Attn: FundsNetwork Relationship Management

RE: Services Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen,

Reference is made to that certain Services Agreement, dated May 13, 2005 (as amended
from time to time, the “Agreement”), by and among National Financial Services LLC and
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (collectively, “Fidelity”), Foreside Fund Services, LLC, a
limited purpose broker-dealer (“Foreside”), and Henderson Global Investors (North America)
Inc. (“Adviser”).

As you are aware, Janus Capital Group Inc. and Henderson Group plc have entered into
an agreement and plan of merger (the “Merger”). In connection with the Merger, an initiative
was undertaken to merge certain of the series of Henderson Global Funds with and into mutual
funds under the Janus Investment Fund trust (the “Fund Merger”). The Fund Merger will occur
at the close of business on June 2, 2017 and be effective Monday, June 5, 2017 (the “Effective
Date”). Fidelity and Adviser agree that the Agreement will terminate as of the Effective Date of
the Fund Merger (the “Termination”), subject to the terms of this letter.

By execution of this letter Fidelity and Adviser each acknowledge and agree that, for a
period of six (6) years commencing with the Effective Date, and notwithstanding anything in the
Agreement to the contrary, the terms of Section IV (Indemnification) of the Agreement shall
survive the Termination with respect to Losses arising out of the time period prior to and
excluding the Effective Date. “Losses” shall have that meaning ascribed to it in Section IV of
the Agreement excluding claims pursuant to Section III. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fidelity
and Adviser agree that, in respect of any billing error related to the calculation or billing of a
Fee as set forth in Section II] and Exhibit A of the Agreement prior to its Termination, they shall
assist each other in good faith to cause Foreside to resolve such error.

Additionally, Janus Distributors, LLC (“Distributor”) acknowledges and agrees that if
Adviser cannot, or does not, satisfy its obligations and liabilities to Fidelity hereunder, then
Distributor shall satisfy such obligations and liabilities to Fidelity in place of Adviser. This letter
does not create any direct or indirect rights, responsibilities or obligations with respect to
Fidelity and the Adviser, on the one hand, and Foreside on the other hand.

[signature page follows]

Confidential. Information 1

DocuSign Envelope ID: 8C2D349C-2489-4B94-BED2-1071F0B5B402

Janus Distributors, LLC Henderson Global Investors (North America)
Inc.

itm) » Lau J

Name: VV\ichoe\ D.& on. Name: Wicrae\ »”.

Title: Pre cr dent Title: Genvon VU ice Mee ent

Acknowledged and Agreed:

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, National Financial Services LLC,
Member NYSE, SIPC Member NYSE, SIPC
DocuSigned by: DocuSigned by:
Carolyn (Lancy Charli. Gurumia
By: By:
Name: Carolyn Clancy Name; Charlie Geremia
Title: eye FundsNetwork Title: yp

Confidential Information 2

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

AMENDMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, effective as of August 15, 2017, is by and among National Financial
Services LLC, Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC, Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations Company,
Inc., Janus Distributors LLC d/b/a Janus Henderson Distributors, and Janus Services LLC;

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the parties entered into a Services Agreement dated April 1, 2009 (the
“Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative services provided to beneficial owners of shares of
mutual funds or other investment products; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the relevant
sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Deleting in its entirety Article Three, Section 1(E)(i) and renumbering Section I(E)(ii) as
Section I(E).

(2) Restating Article Three, Section VI(K) as follows:
K. Notices

Except for the notices provided to Fidelity in accordance with Exhibit I, all notices and communications
required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by first class
mail unless otherwise agreed. All such notices and other communications shall be made:

if to Fidelity, to: Fidelity Investments
155 Seaport Boulevard, ZW10B
Boston, MA 02210
Attn: FundsNetwork Relationship Management

if to Janus Services, to: Janus Services LLC
151 Detroit Street
Denver, CO 80206
Attn: General Counsel

if to Distributor, to: Janus Henderson Distributors
151 Detroit Street
Denver, CO 80206
Attn: General Counsel

(3) Restating in its entirety Exhibit C as attached hereto.

1 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

(signature page follows)

2 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

IN WITNESS WHEREOPF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Amendment as of the

date first above written.

 

Janus Distributors LLC (d/b/a Janus Henderson
Distributors) (for the avoidance of doubt, with

respect to the deletion of Article Three, Section
I(E)(i), solely in its capacity as signatory to the
Agreement)

By:
Name:

Title:
Date:

 

 

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Member NYSE, SIPC

DocuSigned by:
py: _| dor Cars
VIER CREF

Name:
Title: ve
Date: 8/29/2017

 

Janus Services LLC

De pet hag —

Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations
Company, Inc.

DocuSigned by:

Kaclel Tyr

 

 

 

By:

Name: Rathet ter
Title: __ SVP

Date: 8/29/2017

 

 

 

National Financial Services LLC
Member NYSE, SIPC

DocuSigned by
By: (havi. Eurumia
. FFP SO Ee Pami a

Name
Title: ve
Date: 8/31/2017

 

Confidential Information

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

Exhibit C

 

 

 

 

UNIVERSAL FEES
Tnyoice
Fee F

Fee Type ‘ee Frequency Feequensy Fees
Fund Family Add Fee (Start Up Fee) One-time One-time $1500 Per Fund Family (WAIVED)

$6000 Per CUSIP (Waived if CUSIP is
CUSIP Add Fee Onestime One-time, NTF Fund within Brokerage Channel)
MMF Implementation Fee One-time One-time $25000 Per Fund Firm (WAIVED)

 

Position Reimbursement Fee

Monthly Minimun Fee*

Annual

 

Monthly

(invoiced) 500,000+

250,000-499,999

Under 250,000 $12

|
Monthly | |
(invoiced)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Fund Information Brokerage Channel Participation T FUOC Channel Participation
No Transaction Fee (NTF) Fund Program
NTF Channel Availability” Transaction Fee Funds FIIOC Channel Redemption
aan vey FIIOC Fee Codini
Institutional | Correspondents  ¢, ‘dents Channel
Personal Wealth (Commission- (reo Bas -) Networked | Omnibus Service | Minimum | Redemption
Fund Name Ticker Cusip __Share Class NTF Rate Investing Services Based) sewsse Fee Fee REN Payment_|HoldPeriod| Fee Rate
ANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL. ~
AGA 2 NA 2 % » i,

ALLOCATION FD CLA JAGAX —47103D272 A NIA $1 $16 0.35% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND CL A HGAAX — 47103x104" A 031% x x x siz $16 035% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CL A JAQAX — 47103E379" A NIA $i2 S16 035% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL A JDBAX 47103506" A NIA si2 $16 033% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CL A JCNAX 47103878" A NIA si2 $16 035% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED ”

> Ni 2 16 035% NA NIA
ALTERNATIVES FD CLA JDDAX 471030694 A NiA s} s
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME . “ . > wo sy

% 2 6 Yo 035% NA NIA
IBUILDER FUND CL A HDAVX —47103X864 A 0.31% x x x SI $I 0.10%
pANus HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS FD ee gy —azig3h355]°" A WA s12 a6 ore |} 035% NA WA
ANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS HEMAX = 47103X757"" A 0.31% x x x $12 $16 0.10%"" 0.35% NIA NYA
FUND CL A
JANUS HENDERSON EMRGNG MRKTS “
Y 2 % Ni NA

IMANAGED VOL FD CL A JOLAX —47103D389' A NIA $12 $16 0.35% N/A A
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CL A JDMAX —_47103C829"" A NIA $12 $16 0.35% NIA NIA
as HENDERSON BUROPEAN FOCUS FUND HFEAX 47103X641~ A 031% x x $12 $16 0.35% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CL A JDCAX 47103674" A NA $12 $16 0.35% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CL A JDGAX —47103C712"" A NIA $12 $16 0.35% NA NA

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- “ y a *
CONSERVATIVE FD CLA JCAAX —47103A104 A NIA $12 $16 0.10% 035% NA NIA
SANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- . = .
GROWTH FD CLA JGCAX 471034500 A NIA $2 $16 035% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- ” 7 oe °
MODERATE FDCLA JMOAX 47103880) A NA $12 $16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CL A JGBAX 471038486" A N/A siz S16 0.10%" |} 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME “ ate 5
FUND CLA HFQAX —47103X534 A 031% x x x siz S16 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME os os °
MANAGED VOLFD CLA JGDAX —_47103C159 A NIA si2 $16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES “ 0
FDCLA So JENAX 471023481 A NIA $12 316 0.10% 035% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD o“
CLA ALES JERAX —47103A617 A NIA $12 $16 0.10% 0.35% N/A NIA
JS HENDERSON GLOBAL RE: ” .

yan N GLO SEARCHFDCL wax 471030324 A NA si2 $16 o.108% 035% NA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FDCLA = JORAX =—47103C548"" A N/A $12 $16 0.10%" 0.35% NYA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD “* on
CLA NGI cl 0G JATAX 471023358 A NIA $12 S16 0.10% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ~ toe °
UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLA JUCAX 471030462 A NIA si2 $16 0.10% 0.35% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUEFDCLA = JPPAX 471023440" A NIA $12 $16 0.35% N/A N/A
IAD ENDERSON GROWTH A “ ea
pans HEND GRO NDINCOME FD owax — 47103C654 A NIA $12 S16 0.10% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL A JHYAX —47103C597" A NIA $12 $16 0.10%" |} 0.35% NIA NA
A RSON INTERNATI EQUI owe
oe SON ONALEQUITY sax 471034559 A NIA siz $16 0.10% 0.35% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL - ° ~ °
LONG/SHORT EQUITY FUND CL A HLNAX —47103X427 A 031% x x x $12 si6 0.10% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL ° - .
MANAGED VOL FD CLA JMIAX —47103A781 A NIA $12 $16 0.10% 0.35% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL - - ww 9
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CLA HFOAX —47103X310' A 031% x x x $12 $16 0.10%’ 035% NIA NIA
ie, HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE JIFAX 471030629" A NIA si2 $16 0.10%" 0.35% N/A NA
Panus HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUEFDCL ynpay  anyo3a3io" A NA $12 a6 ain” |} ose WA WA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUEFDCLA = JDPAX ~— 47103266" A NA $12 S16 0.10%" 0.35% NIA NIA
ee, HENDERSON MULTISECTORINCOME — uax 471030546" A NA si2 $16 0.35% N/A NA
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL A JDIAX 47103480" A NIA S12 S16 035% N/A N/A
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CL A JURAX — 47103A252" A NIA siz $16 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL A JRAAX 471023317" A NA $12 $16 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FD CL A JVSAX —47103E239"" A NiA siz $16 0.35% NIA NIA
yANUS HENDERSON SHORTTERMBONDFDCL  jstiax 471023267" A NIA $12 S16 0.35% NA NIA
anus HENDERSON SMALL CAPVALUEFDCL  yeay  gaig3c947"* A NA $12 $16 035% N/A NA
panus HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FUND ea ay g7ig3ygen" A 031% x x x $12 $16 035% N/A NA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL A JGMAX —47103C373"" A NIA $12 si6 0.35% NIA NA
pans HENDERSON US.MANAGED VOLFDCL ypeay —ggiga qa" NWA $12 $16 0.35% NA NA

3 N. ” ae
pANUS HENDERSON US. MANAGED VOL FD CL JDOAX —47103C100 A NIA $12 $16 0.10% 035% NIA
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH . ° a a
(OPPORTUNITIES FUND CL A HGRAX — 47103755 A 031% x x x siz 516 0.10% 035% NIA N/A
paNus HENDERSON VALUE PLUS INCOME FD —pvay 7936607" A NA $12 si6 o10%' |} 035% NA NA

 

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

 

 

 

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL A. SVTAX 471036429" A NIA si2 $16 0.10%" 035% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSONFLEXIBLE BONDFDCLA = JDFAX —_47103C761"" A N/A $12 S16 0.10%" || 035% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL
ALLOCATION FD CLC" JAVCX 47103264 c NIA $12 si6 0.00% 1.00% WA NWA
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND CLC” HGACX 47103X203 c NIA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CL Cc” JAQCX 47103361 c NIA si2 S16 0.00% 1.00% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL C JABCX —_47103C605 c NIA 812 S16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CLC" = JCNCX 47103860 c NA $12 S16 6.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED
pee xX 4 % %
ALTERNATIVES DCL. IDDC: 7103686 c N/A $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME
soeee NV) 7 ,
BUILDER FUND CLC HDCVX —47103X856 c NA siz si6 0.00% 1.00% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS FD
cL GING MAR JMFCX 471035344 c NIA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NiA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS ;
FUND CLO" HEMCX —47103X740 c NIA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EMRGNG MRKTS
seeee Vi, Pe °
MANAGED VOL cL c JOLCX 47103371 c NA $12 si6 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CL C*""" JGRCX —-47103C811 c NA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FUND
ee NEURO! Cus FU HFECX —47103X633 c NIA siz S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL
peas JFICX 47103753 c N/A siz S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CLC" JACCX — 471034666 c NIA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CLC” JGOCX —_47103C696 c NA siz si6 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
NDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-
PANUS HE OCATION JCACX 471034203 c NiA $i2 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA

 

CONSERVATIVE FD CLC”
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-
see X 4710: vA S16 0.00% 1.00% NA N/A
GROWTH FD CLC IGCC: 103609 c N $12 NA

JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-

 

 

 

eens 4710387: NI 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
MODERATE FD CLC JMOCX Ag72 c A si2 S16
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CL C JGBCX 47103E478 Cc NA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
N GLOBAL E E

PANUS HENDERSO} GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME HFQCX 47103XS26 c NIA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
FUND CL C
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME

saeee x 47103014: NA S16 0.00% 00% N/A NWA
IMANAGED VOL FD CL C" soe: oscta2 c si '

ERS L LIFE CE
eS ee ERSON GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES JFNCX 471023473 c NA si2 S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA N/A
EI Fl
en NDERSON GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD JERCX ATLOBAS91 c NA $i2 $l6 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
. ESE, Fl
co HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL Jwwex 47103C316 Cc NIA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
LOBAL SELEt L
een HENDERSON GLO! 5 ‘CT FD Cl JORCX 47103C530 c NA siz S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
Lt

een NDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD JAGCX 471023341 c NIA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA N/A
PANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL JUCCX 47103D454 c NIA $i2 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL C
_ HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUE FD Cl. JPPCX 471023432 Cc NA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
een NDERSON GROWTH AND INCOME FD JGICX 47103C647 Cc NA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL JDHCX 471030589 c NIA siz si6 0.00% 1.00% N/A NIA
PANUS HENDERSON ! RNATIONAL EQUITY ICIEX 471034542 c NIA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA

FD CLC

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE
Exhibit C

JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL,
soon, Ni fo Yo Ni Ni
LONG/SHORT EQUITY FUND CLC HLNCK = 47105X419 c NIA si2 S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA

JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL,
soeee 73 d fo a ‘A
MANAGED VOL FD CLC JMICX ——_47103A7 c NA $12 $16 0.00% 1,00% NA NIA

JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

* HFOCX Ni fa fo Ni Ni
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CL C* ‘OC: 4103x294 c NIA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATI VALUE
KD cue ONAL JIECX = 47103D611 c NA $12 516 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL
cn JAPCX ——47103A294 c NA $12 S16 0.00% 1,00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CL
os JMVCX ——_-47103C258 c NIA si2 $16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON MULTI SECTOR INCOME.
DCL JMUCX —_47103D538 c NIA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL C""" JIGCX 47103472 c NIA siz $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CL JURCX 47103245 c NIA si2 sis 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL" JRACX 471023291 c NA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FD CL
co CT VALUE FD SVSCX —47103E221 c NiA $12 516 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON SHORT TERM BOND FD CL
cn RM BO JSHCX 471023259 c NA siz $16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL
cn JCSCX 47103191 c NIA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERS: E E FUND
ae }ON STRATEGIC INCOM! HFACX 47103854 c NiA si2 sI6 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL C JGMCX 47103C365 c NA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON U.S. CORE FD CL ¢ JLECX 47103209 c N/A $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NA NA
A I |ANAGED VOL FD

ens SHENDERSON US MANAGED VOLFDCL  pecoy g7i03724 c NA siz 516 0.00% 1.00% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERS\ ROWT!

}ON US GROWTH HGRCX — 47103748 c NIA si2 316 0.00% 1.00% N/A N/A

OPPORTUNITIES FUND CL C

Al IERSON VALUE PLUS INCOME FD.
co So JPVCX AT103E619 Cc NA $12 S16 0.00% 1.00% NA NA

 

 

 

 

 

 

JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL C JVTCX —47103E411 c NA $12 $16 0.00% 1.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL a

1 fo 0% Ni
MANAGED VOL FD CLI IMUX 47103765 I 0.15% x x $i2 316 0.10% 0! N/A NA
JANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL

% e NiA
ALLOCATION FD CLI JVGIX 47103D249 1 0.15% x x $12 $16 0.10% NA uA
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND CLI HGAIX 47103X401 1 0.15% x x siz S16 0.10% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CLI JAQIX 47103E346 I 0.15% x x $i2 $16 0.10% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL 1 JBALX — 47103C704 I 0.15% x x $12 316 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CL I JCONX 47103852 1 0.15% x x $12 316 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED 6,
ALTERNATIVES FD CLI JDAIX 47103D660 I 0.15% x x si2 316 0.10% N/A NA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME 7 i Wi
BUILDER FUND CLI HDIVX —-47103X831 1 0.15% x x $i2 $16 0.10% NA NA
pans HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS FD user 47103ES28 1 0.15% x x $12 S16 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS HEMIX = 47103X724 1 0.15% x x $i2 Si6 0.10% NIA N/A
FUND CLI
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CL I JMGRX —47103C795 1 0.15% x x siz $16 0.10% N/A NIA
anus HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FU HFEIX 47103X617 1 0.15% x $12 $16 0.10% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL 1 JFLEX 47103C746 1 0.15% x x si2 $16 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CL1 JCAPX — 47103658 1 0.15% x x $12 $16 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CLI JGROX 47103C688 I 0.15% x x $i2 $16 0.10% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- .

AI % fo fo Nii

CONSERVATIVE FD CLI ICAIX 47103A302 1 0.15% x x $12 S16 0.10% 0.10% N/A ‘A
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- -

% 1 fe fe WA vA
GROWTH FD CLI IGCIX 47103A708 I 0.15% x x si2 $16 0.10% 0.10% N Ni

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- 5 5 :
MODERATE FDCLI JMOIX —_-47103A864 i 0.15% x x siz si6 0.10% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CLI JGBIX —47103E452 1 0.15% x x siz $i6 0.10%" |] 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON G EQUITY INCOME a
ND CL IN GLOBAL EQ HFQIX —47103X492 I 0.15% x x $12 si6 0.10% 0.10% NIA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME . .
MANAGED VOL ED CLI JGDIX 47103126 1 0.15% x x siz si6 0.10% N/A NIA
ANU! DERSON E SCIENCES -
ED Cn ERSON GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCE! JENIX 471023465 I 0.15% x x $12 si6 0.10%" 0.10% NIA NIA
ANUS HENDER: AL REAL E EF
Lt S HENDERSON GLOB: ALESTATEFD  serix 471034583 I 0.15% x x $12 sie 0.10%" |} 0.10% N/A NIA
yAnus HENDERSON GLOBAL-RESEARCHFD CL punyex 471036290 1 0.15% x x $12 si6 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECTFDCLI = JORFX =—_47103C522 1 0.15% x x siz $16 0.10% NIA NIA
D ENDER: Es
Ns HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD yaryy 471923333 1 0.15% x x $12 sié 0.10% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ‘ o ,
UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLI JUCIX 47103439 I 0.15% x x $12 $16 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUE FD CL! JPPIX 471023424 1 0.15% x x $12 $16 0.10% NIA NA
as HENDERSON GROWTH ANDINCOMEFD cry grigace3o 1 0.15% x x $12 S16 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL | JHYFX ——47103C571 I 0.15% x x $12 $16 0.10% NIA NIA
Fee PE NDERSON INTERNATIONAL EQUITY px 47103534 1 0.15% x x $12 316 0.10% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL 9 "
LONGISHORT EQUITY FUND CLI HLNIX —-47103X385 I 0.15% x x $12 316 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL ° oe
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CLI HFOIX —47103X278 I 0.15% x x $12 $i6 0.10% 0.10% N/A N/A
eae TENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE JIFIX 47103DS87 I 0.15% x x $12 Si6 0.10%" 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUEFD CLI JAPIX ——_47103A286 1 0.15% x x $12 si6 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CLI JMVAX —-47103C241 1 0.15% x x $12 316 0.10%" 0.10% NIA NA
PN NE NDERSON MULTI SECTOR INCOME JMUIX 47103D512 1 0.15% x x $12 S16 0.10%" 0.10% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL 1 JIGFX ——_-47103C464 1 0.15% x x $12 $16 0.10%" |} 0.10% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CL 1 JURIX — 47103A229 I 0.15% x x si2 $16 0.10%" 0.10% NIA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL 1 JRAIX 471023283 ! 0.15% x x siz $16 0.10%" 0.10% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FD CLI JVSIX —-47103E197 1 0.15% x x siz $16 0.10%" |} 0.10% NA NIA
PANUS HENDERSON SHORT TERM BONDFD CL ery g7io3242 1 0.15% x x $12 si6 10%" |] 0.10% NIA NIA
yANUs HENDERSON SMALL CAPVALUEFDCL  yscox —g7io3cis3 i 0.15% x x $12 S16 0.10% 0.10% NA NA
manus HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FUND ie arx —g7103¥839 I 0.15% x x $12 si6 0.10%" |} 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CLI JSMGX 47103357 I 0.15% x x siz $16 0.10%" 0.10% N/A NA
JANUS HENDERSON U.S. CORE FD CLI JRMCX 47103308 l 0.15% x x si2 $16 0.10%" 0.10% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH a
% %
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CLI HGRIX —47103¥722 1 0.15% x x $12 $16 0.10% 0.10% N/A NIA
eANus HENDERSON VALUEPLUSINCOMEFD — ypyix 71038585 I 0.15% x x $12 si6 0.10%" |} 0.10% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL I IVTIX —_-47103E395 1 0.15% x si2 316 0.10%" |] 0.10% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSONEMRGNG MRKTS “
% f 0% us
MANAGED VOL FD CLI JOLIX 47103355 1 0.15% x x siz $16 0.10% 1 NA NIA
yANus HENDERSONUS, MANAGED VOL FD CL jpgyy 47103A716 1 0.15% x x $12 $16 0.10%" 0.10% NIA NA
PANUS HENDERSON SMALL CAPVALUEFDCL ayy gniga3sea L NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSONMID CAP VALUEFDCLL = JMIVX 471023580 L NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA NIA
EMRGNG S MANA‘ L FD
awe EMRGNG MRKTS MANAGED VOL F JOLNX —47103D348 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA N/A

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

 

 

Exhibit C
INTECH GLOBAL INCOME MANAGED VOL FD .
CLIN! IGGNX 47\03E163 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA N/A
JANUS CONTRARIAN FD CLIN JCNNX 47103D207 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NIA
JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL N JMFNX 47103D306 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% N/A NIA
JANUS GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL JDWNX 471030777 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS GLOBAL SELECT FD CLN' JSLNX 47103D876 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NWA
JANUS GROWTH AND INCOME FD CL JSDNNX 47103D868 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON U.S.CORE FD N’ JRCNX 47103E148 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSOW ADAPTIVE GLBL JAGNX 47103D231 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 1% 0.00% Ni.
ALLOCATION FD CL > ; o% ¢  0:00% 7 NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND CLN HGARX 47103X500 N N/A 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL N JABNX 47103D108 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED JDANX 471030652 N NA ., 00" oo N
ALTERNATIVES FD CLN 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME HDRVX 47103X823 N NIA 0.00% 0.0 0.00% 00% Ni
BUILDER FUND CL ‘ "* 6 |} 000% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MA\ ETS HEMRX 47103X716 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA Ni;
FUND CL! , ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ Y *
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CL N’ JDMNX 47103D405 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FUND ,
CLIN HFERX 47103XS591 N NA 0.00% 0.0% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL N. JDFNX 47103D504 N NIA 000% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CL JERNX 471030603 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% || oom NA NIA
NUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FUND CL
Ne GLO ND FUND CI JGLNX 47103D801 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JAI ERS -OBAL EQUITY INCOME
7 NUS HEND| }ON GLO} Qui col HFQRX 471 03X484 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
FUND CL N!
Janus HENDERSON Global Technology Fund! JATNX —47103D181 N NA 000% 0.00% 000% |! o0o% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL
NX 103D421 N NA fo % 0.00% 00% N
IUNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL N wwe “ i 0.00% 2.00 ° uA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUE FD CL N JPPNX 47103D769 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL ™ JHYNX 47103D850 N N/A 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
HLNRX 47103X377 NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 10% NA NA
LONG/SHORT EQUITY FUND CL N N " oo
ERNATION.
PANUS HENDERSON INTE ONAL JMRNX 47103E155 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NWA NA
MANAGED VOL FD CL’
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
HFOSX 47103: 0 » Ni 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
IOPPORTUNITIES FUND CL N' os 103X261 N vA
JAI HENDERS! ERNATIONAL SMALL,
NUS a }ON INTE! HIZRX 47103Y508 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA N/A
ICAP FUND CL N'
ERS INTERN. yn E
oa INTERNATIONAL VALUE JIFNX 47103DS79 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
HENDERS! |E CAP L
paws }ON LARGE CAP VALUE FD C| JPLNX 47103D751 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% N/A NA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CLN JDPNX 47103D744 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA
|LTI SECTOR INCOME
at Mu! Ol col IMTNX 47103D496 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL 6 JDINX: 47103D835 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL ¥’ JRANX 47103D827 N N/A 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NIA
panes HENDERSON SHORT TERM BOND FD Cl. JSHNX 47103D819 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NIA
JA) EI VALUE a
panus HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL JDSNX 47103D728 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
J, a STRATEGIC INCOME FUND
aN HENDERSON TE ic HFARX 471 03Y821 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL N' JGMNX 47103D793 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON U.S. MANAGED VOL FD N JRSNX 47103E122 N NIA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA NA

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

 

Exhibit
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CL N! HGRRX 47103714 NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL’ JVTNX 471030785 N NA 000% 0.00% — 0.00% |} 000% NA NIA
PERKINS SELECT VALUE FD CL JIVSNX 47103D736 N N/A 0.00% 00% 0.00% 0.00% NIA N/A
PERKINS VALUE PLUS INCOME FD CLN' JPYNX 47103D710 N NA 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% 00% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CLR JDBRX 47103C803 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% O.1S% 0.75% NIA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CLR JCNRX 47103C845 R 0.60% x 0.00% 010% 0.15% 075% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CLR JDMRX 47103C787 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.18% 0.75% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CLR IDFRX 47103C738 R 0.60% x 000% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NIA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CLR JDCRX 4TLOZAGAT R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% O.1S% 075% NIA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CLR JDGRX 47103C670 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% O.15% 073% NIA NA
JAI EI Bi ESE. CH FD CL
IR NUS HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL JDWRX 47103C282 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% N/A NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FD CL R JORRX 47103CS514 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 075% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL , . , ,
IUNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLR JUCRX 47103D298 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NA NIA
pans HENDERSON GROWTH AND INCOME FD JDNRX 47103C621 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NIA NMA
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CLR. JHYRX 471030563 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 075% NA NA
Pe NDERSON INTERNATIONAL EQUITY JRIEX 47103A526 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 075% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL . 5
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CLR HFORX 47103X245 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.158% 073% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CLR JDPRX 47103C233 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 075% NIA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CLR JDIRX 471030456 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 075% NA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CLR JRARX 47103D173 R 0.60% xX 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NIA NA
PANS HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL JDSRX 47103C175 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CLR IGMRX 47103C340 R 0.60% x 0.00% 0.10% 0.15% 0.75% N/A NIA
ANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL ,
fo fo % % fo
IALLOCATION FD CLS JAGSX 47103D256 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10 0.50% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FD CLS HGAQX 47103X807 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CL S JAQSX 47103E338 $s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL S JABRX 47103C886 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CL S$ JCNIX 471030837 s 040% x 9.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED 5 5 .
IALTERNATIVES FD CL $ JDASX 47103D645 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME
8 % a O1S% fo fo Wi N
IBUILDER FD CLS HDQVX 47103X781 s 0.40% x 0.00% Yo 0.10% 0.50% NA WA
PANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETSFD aes g71036510 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% |] 050% NIA NA
cans HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS FD HEMSX 47103X674 Ss 040% x 0.00% 0.18% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EMRGNG MRKTS
% fo 0.15% fo fo Mi
IMANAGED VOL ED CLS JOLSX 471031330 s 0.40% x 0.00% % 0.10% 0.50% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CL S$. JGRTX 47103C779 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.18% 0.10% 050% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FDCLS HFESX 47103X567 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL $ JADFX 47103C720 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CLS JARTX 47103A633 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CLS IGORX 47103C662 $s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-
S 0.00% Ye %o 0% ul, ‘A
ICONSERVATIVE FD CLS JCASX 471034401 s 040% x 10% 0.15% 0.10% 0.51 NA Ni
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- o
% Ye va 0.10% 0% n Ni
IGROWTH FD CLS IGCSX 47103A807 Ss 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 1 0.50% NIA iN
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-
b Yo 00% S% 0.10% 0.50% NA is
IMODERATE FD CLS JMOSX 471034856 Ss 040% x 0.00% ol 504 N/A
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CL S JGBSX 47103E445 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NWA NA

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

 

 

 

Exhibit ©
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME
FD CLS FEY TNC HEQSX —_47103X450 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |] 0s0% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME
MANAGED VOL FD CLS JGDSX —-47103C118 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |! 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES
FD CLS ALIFE SC JENSX = 471023457 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% 0.50% NIA NIA
ANUS HENDER! OBAL REAL ESTATE FD
ae SON GL s JERSX 47103575 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |} 050% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEA\ cL
Y RS RCHFDCL worx  47103¢274 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |] 050% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FDCLS — JORIX. —_47103C498 s 0.40% x ©.00% 015% 0.10% |! 050% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GL
ee HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD yatgx 471023325 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% |] 0.50% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL . ,
UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLS JUCSX 471030413 s 0.40% x 0.00% o1s% 010% || 050% NA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUEFDCLS —JPPSX 471023416 s 040% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |] oso% NA NIA
JANUS HENDE! WTH AND INCOME FD
ae RSON GRO JADGX —47103C613 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 010% |} 050% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL$ SDHYX —47103C555 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% |] 050% NA NIA
TIONAL E

PANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL EQUITY egy 47103518 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |] 050% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL 5 . .
LONGISHORT EQUITY FD CLS HLNSX —47103X344 s 040% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |] 050% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL . ,
MANAGED VOL FD CLS JMISX ——_47103A757 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% = 0.10% | 0.50% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL 2 , .
OPPORTUNITIES FD CLS HFOQX —47103X237 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% |] 050% NIA NIA
PANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL SMALL izsx—_g7i03yg0s s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |] 050% NIA NA
CAP FDCLS
he GENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE esx 471030561 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |] 0.50% NA NIA
RANUS HENDERSON LARGE CAPVALUEFD CL sapsy a7io3az78 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |} 0.50% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUEFDCLS = JMVIX —_47103C225 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 010% |} 050% NA NIA
HANS HENDERSON MULTISECTOR INCOME — pausx 471030488 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |! 050% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL $ JIGRX 471030449 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |} 050% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CLS JURSX 471034237 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |} oso% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL S JRASX 471023275 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |} oso% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUEFDCLS — JSVSX 47 103E189 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |] 0.50% NA NA
gins HENDERSON SHORT TERMBONDFD CL euisx_gp1023034 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 010% |! 050% NIA N/A
RANUS HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUEFDCL sex g7i03c167 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |] 050% NA NA
RANUS HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FDCL reas g7iony799 s 040% x 0.00% 015% 9.10% |! 050% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL$ JGMIX —_47103C332 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.40% |] 050% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON U.S. CORE FD CL$ JLCIX 47103407 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% |} 050% NA NA
yinus HENDERSON US. MANAGED VOLFDCL iassx 471034650 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% |! 050% NIA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH

f % 0% % NA
OPPORTUNITIES FD CLS HGRSX 47103672 s 0.40% x 0.00% ous on 050 NA
ZANUS HENDERSON VALUE PLUS INCOME FD ypysx 471038577 8 0.40% x 0.00% 015% 0.10% | 0.50% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL S JVTSX 471038387 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15% 0.10% |} 050% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL

% a % u u

ALLOCATION BD CLT JVGTX 471030223 T 035% x x x x si2 $16 0.00% 035 NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND HGATX —47103X880 T 035% x x x x si2 s16 0.00% || 035% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CLT JAQTX —47103E320 T 0.35% x x x x si2 s16 0.00% || 035% NA NA
ANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CLT JABAX 471023879 T 035% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% || 039% NIA NIA
J ANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CLT JSVAX 471023655 T 035% x x x x siz $16 0.00% || 035% NA NA

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED , . .
ALTERNATIVES FD CLT JIDATX 47103D637 T 035% x x x x $i2 S16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME. ' . - 1.
BUILDER FUND HDTVX 47103X773 T 035% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MAI TS Fl
CLT ‘GING RKE D> JMFTX 47103494 T 035% x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EMER eT
ie ‘GING MARKETS HEMTX 47103X666 T 0.35% xX x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EMRGNG MRKTS - , °,
IMANAGED VOL ED CL T JOLTX 47103D322 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 035% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CL T JAENX 471023804 T 035% x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 035% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FUND HFETX 47103X559 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL T JAFIX 471023606 T 0.35% x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CLT JACTX 47103A625 T 035% x x x x si2 S16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CLT JANSX 471023101 T 035% x x x x si2 sis 0.00% |] 035% = NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- -», 1. 7
CONSERVATIVE FD CLT SSPCX 471023499 T 0.35% x x x x $12 si6 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- PG . . .
GROWTH FD CLT JSPGX 471023523 T 0.35% x x x x $12 S16 000% 035% NIA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- +, Y o 0) 7
MODERATE FD CLT JSPMX 471023515 T 0.35% x x x XxX $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CL T JHBTX 47103E437 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 035% NA NA
N S
He HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME HFQTX 47103X443 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $6 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME, = " ay " 7
MANAGED VOL FD CLT JIDGTX 47103E247 T 035% x x x x $i2 S16 0.00% 035% NA NIA
PANS HENDERSON GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES JAGLX 47102367! 7 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% N/A N/A
PANUS HENDERSON GLOBALREALESTATEFD  jewry 471034367 T 035% x x x x siz si6 0.00% |} 035% NA NIA
yANus HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL JAWWX 471023309 T 0.35% x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FD CLT  JORNX 471023648 T 035% x x x x si2 $16 0.00% |] 035% NA NA
as HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD JAGTX 471023663 T 0.35% x x x x $12 316 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL . . . ‘
IUNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLT JUCTX 47103D397 T 0.35% x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUE FD CL T IGVAX 471023622 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GOVERNMENT MONEY - 9, 9 ui)
MARKET FD CLT JAGXX 471023820 T 0.35% s$i2 $16 0.00% 035% N/A 7
PANTS HENDERSON GROWTH AND INCOME FP yacrx 471023200 T 035% x x x x si sis 0.00% |] 035% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL T JAHYX 471023762 T 035% x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NA
PANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL EQUITY JAITX 47103A492 T 0.35% x x x xX $i2 S16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
%e 16 % 035% Ni NIA
LONG/SHORT EQUITY Fi HLNTX 47103X336 T 0.35% x x x xX $12 $ 0.00" YA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
is fe 035% y

MANAGED VOL FD CLT JRMTX 47103A740 T 0.35% x x x x $i2 S16 0.00% NA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL

7 Ye x fo 0.35% Vis Mi
a ONtuRTIES con HFOTX — 47103x229 T 035% x x x $12 sis 0.00% NA NA
ANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL SMALL iizrx 47103888 T 035% x x x x si2 si6 0.00% || 035% N/A NA
PANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE SIFTX 47103D553 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 035% NA NA
panus latent elaatetatiaietchimelinticed JPLTX 47103A260 T 035% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CL T JMCVX 471023598 T 0.35% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON MONEY MARKET FDCLT JAMXX 471023838 T 0.35% $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NIA

 

 

 

 

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

 

Exhibit C

FE NDERSON MULTISECTOR INCOME ruyrx 471030470 tT 0.35% x x x x siz S16 0.00% |} 035% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CLT JAOSX 471023846 T 035% x x x x si2 sis 0.00% ff 05% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CLT JURTX ATLO3A211 T 0.35% x x x x siz $16 0.00% 0.35% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL T JAMRX 471023853 T 0.35% x x x x $12 S16 0.00% 035% NA NA
JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FD CLT JSVTX ATIOBEI7E T 035% x x x x $12 $16 0,00% 035% NA NA
HANUS HENDERSON SHORT'TERM BONDED CL aspx 471003887 T 0.35% x x x x si2 516 0.00% |] 035% NIA NIA
panus HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL JSCVX 471023572 T 035% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA
JANUS HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FUND HFATX 47103771 T x x x x s2 sis 0.00% |} 0.35% NIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL T JATTX 471023549 T x x x xX $12 $16 0.00% 035% NA N/A
JANUS HENDERSON U.S. CORE FD CLT JRMSX 471023556 T x x x x si2 sis 0.00% |} 0.35% NA NA
yANUS HENDERSON U.S. MANAGED VOL FD CL IJRSTX ATIO3AG82 T x x xX x $12 $16 0.00% 035% N/A NIA
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH y "

OPPORTUNITIES FUND HGRTX 47103 Y664 T 0.35% x x xX x $12 $16 0.00% 035% NA NA
panus HENDERSON VALUE PLUS INCOME FD JPVTX 47103£569 T 0.35% x x x $12 S16 0.00% 035% N/A N/A
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL T JAVTX 471023507 T 035% x x x x $12 $16 0.00% 0.35% NIA NIA

 

* Monthly Minimum Fee waived if average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million; reduced by amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during same period

** Fidelity shall be entitled to a re-allowance of the initial sales charge as set forth in the then-current Prospectus and/or SAI. Fidelity shall be entitled to such re-allowance upon receipt of purchase funds from customers in the Brokerage Channels. Further, in accordance with each
Fund's Prospectus and/or SAI, Distributor or any affiliate of the Distributor may, but is not obligated to, make payments to Fidelity from Distributor’s or such affiliate’s own resources as compensation for certain sales that are made at net asset value. - Reallowance of initial sales
charge (front-end load) on Class A assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for the services contemplated by this Agreement

*#* As reflected under RFN Fee Column in Exhibit C.

**** For purposes of fund availability to the Brokerage Channels, the parties acknowledge and agree that the term “investment adviser” or “adviser” is intended to include registered investment advisers, third party administrators, banks, trust departments, and family office clients. If
a fund is designated as “Correspondents (Fee-Based)” on this Exhibit C, the fund may be made available under the No Transaction Fee Fund Program to Correspondents for managed accounts. Fund/Agent acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make Class I shares of funds available

to family office clients unless Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary. Fund/Agent further acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make fund shares available on a load-waived basis to accounts maintained for employee benefit plans and fee-based accounts maintained through
investment advisers unless the Fund/Agent notifies FBS to the contrary

1 With respect to the purchase of Class N shares, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Funds’ Prospectus, NFS or its affiliates may allow the purchase of Class N shares by the Janus Capital Group Inc, Mutual Fund Share Investment Plan. The foregoing is not intended to
authorize NFS or its affiliates to allow the purchase of Class N shares by account types not eligible under the terms of the Prospectus.

***** 1 00% ON Class C assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for services contemplated by this Agreement

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

August 15, 2017

Fidelity Investments

155 Seaport Boulevard, ZW10B

Boston, MA 02210

Attn: FundsNetwork Relationship Management

Re: Fees paid pursuant to the Services Agreement
To Whom It May Concern:

Reference is hereby made to that Services Agreement by and among National Financial Services LLC
(“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations Company,
Inc. (“FIIOC” and together with NFS and FBS, “Fidelity”), Janus Distributors LLC d/b/a Janus Henderson
Distributors, and Janus Services LLC ( “Fund/Agent”) dated as of April 1, 2009 relating to the series of
Janus Investment Fund (the “Funds”)(as amended from time to time, the “Agreement”). This letter by
and between Fidelity and Fund/Agent is in reference only to those fees paid in whole or part from the
Funds’ assets; capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meaning assigned to them in the
Agreement.

In accordance with the IM Guidance Update dated January 2016 (No. 2016-01), “Mutual Fund
Distribution and Sub-Accounting Fees,” provided by the Securities and Exchange Commissions Division
of Investment Management (the “Guidance”) the Funds’ Trustees adopted procedures reasonably
designed to, among other items, evaluate whether a portion of sub-accounting fees paid by the Funds
are being used, directly or indirectly, to pay for distribution services (the “Procedures”). The Guidance
further recommends that service providers give the Funds sufficient information to inform the Funds’
Trustees of the servicing arrangement between the service provider and the Funds. Accordingly, as part
of the Procedures, the Trustees look to and rely on representations from intermediaries as to the nature
of the services the intermediary is providing in exchange for fees.

Fidelity confirms that since the initial effectiveness of the Agreement and the date of this letter, the
nature of the administrative and shareholder-related services provided by Fidelity to the Funds has not
materially changed. Fidelity acknowledges that the administrative fees paid in whole or in part from the
Funds’ assets, by class, are specifically identified below. In conjunction with providing this
acknowledgement, Fidelity has provided Janus with the Fidelity FundsNetwork Business & Services
Guide, among other documentation as noted below, which outlines the types of services it provides to
the Funds and the Fund shareholders, as applicable.

By countersigning this letter, Fidelity confirms that, as a service provider to the Funds, (1) the
Agreement categorizes certain services provided to the Funds by Fidelity as shareholder or
administrative services, (2) it has provided Fund/Agent with a copy of the most recent NFS Financial
Intermediary Controls and Compliance Assessment (“FICCA”) regarding Fidelity’s internal controls for its
services, and (3) it has provided Fund/Agent with a copy of the most recent Fidelity FundsNetwork
Business & Services Guide, which provides further transparency into Fidelity’s overall services beyond
what information is provided in the Agreement and the FICCA.

Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

Article One, Section II (Compensation), Article Two, Section IX (Compensation) and Exhibits A and C to
the Agreement state that Fund/Agent shall pay to Fidelity certain fees for the services provided by
Fidelity under the terms of the Agreement. By countersigning this letter, Fidelity acknowledges receipt
of such fees paid as compensation for the provision of such services as set forth in the Agreement.

   
    
   
 

Fees Paid Pursuant to Agreement _

 

   

Brokerage Channel Fees : = eee ee
1.00% on Class C assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for services
contemplated by the Agreement
Reallowance of initial sales charge (front-end load) on Class A assets as dealer
concession in addition to the fees for services contemplated by the Agreement

Shares [ 12b-1 L

Class T N

/A
(0.10% (TPA-retirement 0.25% / 0.35%
Platform only)

For Transaction Fee Funds, Class A, Fidelity receives $14 - $16 per positit

omnibus fees in lieu of any administrative fees as set forth in the Agreement.
For Transaction Fee Funds, Class C, Fidelity receives $14 - $16 per position
omnibus fees in lieu of any administrative fees as set forth in the Agreement.
Class | (TPA-
retirement

Platform
only)
For Transaction Fee Funds, Class I, Fidelity receives $14 - $16 per position omnibus
fees in lieu of any administrative fees as set forth in the Agreement.
Class | (I-NTF

Platform
only)

0.10% (plus 0.15% for
Class R 0.50% retirement FundsNetwork 0.60% / 0.75%
“REN” assets)
0.15% (plus 0.10% for
Class S

retirement FundsNetwork
EOC Channel Fees —

   
  
   
   

   
 

Asset-Based
Fee

       

 

  
  
 

    
     
 
     
     
   
      
   

  
  
 
       
    
  

    
  

  
  
 

  
  
 
 

assets) 0.40% / 0.50%

 

 

 

 
 
 

Class I

 
 
 
 

Class $

 

 
   

Asset Based

0.25% 0.10% 0.35%
1.00%

    

 

Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: EA2ADD82-9374-4D02-A37E-7E59689B00DE

* Class A shares for certain Funds receive 0.31% in total fees. These Funds are those that merged into
the Janus Investment Fund from the Henderson Global Fund and are listed in Exhibit C.

All fees shown in the table above are subject to revision as reflected in amendments to Exhibit C to the
Agreement, which shall control in the event of a discrepancy between this letter and the Agreement.

Fidelity acknowledges that the letter is for purposes of the Funds’ compliance with the Guidance;
provided, however, that this letter does not amend the terms of the Agreement, which shall remain in

full force and effect.

Sincerely,

Janus Services LLC

 

Countersigned:

     

National Financial Services LLC, Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC,
Member NYSE, SIPC Member NYSE, SIPC

BoctiSigned by: DocuSigned by:
ay: (havli. Gurumia 7 Vider Caury
Name:_ ChaPrre*eePeini a Name: VT Geepeceentes
Title: ve Title: vP
Date: 8/31/2017 Date:___ 872972017

Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations
Company, Inc.

DocuSigned by:
ny._{ aduul. Tyler
Name:_~Ratheverjrer.

Title:____SvP
Date: 8/29/2017

Confidential Information

JANUS CAPITAL
Group

 

April 28, 2017

Fidelity Investments

Attn: FundsNetwork Relationship Management
100 Salem Street, OR3N1

Smithfield, RI 02917

RE: ACTION REQUESTED - Agreements relating to Janus Investment Fund (“JIF”) and/or Janus
Aspen Series (“JAS”)

According to our records, Janus has a JIF or JAS distribution, dealer, selling, fund participation
and/or administrative services agreement with you, (collectively or individually as amended, the
“Current Agreement”). As you may be aware, Janus Capital Group Inc. (‘JCG”) and Henderson
Group plc (“Henderson”) have reached a definitive agreement for an all-stock “merger of equals”.
The merger transaction will result in the combined group being renamed Janus Henderson Group
plc, doing business as Janus Henderson Investors (‘JHI”) at the closing of the merger (the
“Merger”). Consequently, Janus Distributors LLC’s (the “Distributor”) corporate parent, JCG, will be
a subsidiary of JHI effective as the date of the Merger. We currently expect the Merger to be
completed on or about May 30, 2017, subject to certain approvals.

This letter serves as official notice under the Current Agreement that the Merger will result in a
change in the ownership structure of JCG, and upon completion of the Merger, Janus Distributors
LLC, Janus Services LLC, and/or Janus Capital Management LLC, subsidiaries of JCG (individually or
collectively referred to as the “Janus Parties”) will continue to fully and completely perform the
obligations set forth in the Current Agreement with your firm. Notwithstanding any provision in the
Current Agreement or otherwise, the Current Agreement with one or more of the Janus Parties will
remain in full force and effect following the consummation of the Merger, assuming all rights,
obligations and liabilities.

It is important to note that this Merger does not impact the day to day operations of the Janus
Parties; the performance of services that each provides will not be materially impacted by the
Merger. The Janus Parties retain the same operational processes, key personnel and other support
systems; in addition, each of the Janus Parties gain the strength of a broader and deeper suite of
services and management through the combined resources of JHI.

If you have any questions with respect to this transaction or need any additional information,
please call Denise Bronson at (303) 316.5765.

Page 1

Fuods distributed by Janus Destributors LLC

 

JANUS CAPITAL
Group

 

Please signify your acknowledgement, consent and agreement to the foregoing by countersigning
this letter in the space provided below and return to Denise Bronson via email:
Denise.Bronson@Janus.com. Please return by May 17, 2017. If we do not receive your
consent prior to the completion of the Merger, you will be deemed to have consented to the
foregoing and to the continued terms of the Current Agreement upon your submission of a
securities transaction pursuant to the Current Agreement.

Sincerely,

“2

Michael D. Elder
President
Janus Distributors LLC

CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT REGARDING
THE MERGER IS ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED

Fidelity Investments

Signature:
Name:
Title:

Date: 2017

SELL44554 11765
Page 2

Funds distributed by Janus Distributors LLC

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D4494BF8-2615-455F-888D-67B99D2CF51D

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, dated and effective as of July 1, 2018, is by and among National
Financial Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity Investments
Institutional Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”); Janus Distributors LLC and Janus Services LLC
(collectively referred to herein as “Fund/Agent”). NFS, FBS and FIIOC are collectively referred to herein
as “Fidelity.”

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Fidelity and Fund/Agent entered into a Services Agreement dated April 1, 2009 (as
amended from time to time, the “Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative services provided to
beneficial owners of shares of mutual funds associated with Fund/Agent;

WHEREAS, Fidelity has established a program (the “Select Program”) in which certain eligible
fund companies participating in the FundsNetwork platform will enroll in a marketing, engagement and
analytics program offered through FundsNetwork platform;

WHEREAS, Fund/A gent wishes to enroll in the Select Program; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the relevant
sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and for good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

(1) Amending the Definitions to add the following new defined terms, and re-alphabetizing the
Definitions as appropriate:

a. “FundsNetwork Platform” means the means by which Fidelity and its affiliates make
available to customers shares of third-party mutual funds pursuant to a services
agreement or similar agreement with Fidelity or its affiliate(s).

b. “Member(s)” shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 3.7 of the Agreement.
c. “Select Program” means the marketing, engagement and analytics program offered to
certain eligible fund companies participating in the FundsNetwork Platform.
(2) Amending Article Three, Common Provisions, to add the following new Section 3.7:
“3.7 Select Program
The terms of Exhibit L shall govern with respect to Fund/Agent’s participation in the
Select Program, to the extent that Fund/Agent is an enrolled member (each, a “Member” and
collectively, the “Members”) of the Select Program during the then current Select Program
term. Fund/Agent or its designee shall pay to Fidelity the fees set forth in Exhibit A hereto

for its participation in the Select Program, as said Exhibit may be amended from time to
time.”

1 Confidential Information

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D4494BF8-2615-455F-888D-67B99D2CF51D

(3)

4)

Amending Exhibit A, Fee Schedule, to add the following new Section 1(d):
(d) Select Program Fee

Fund/Agent or its designee shall pay to Fidelity an annual fee in consideration of its
participation in the Select Program (the “Select Program Fee”), subject to the termination
and withdrawal provisions in Exhibit L. The Select Program Fee shall be $2,000,000 per
calendar year ($500,000 per calendar quarter), calculated and paid quarterly in arrears.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the quarterly Select Program Fee payable by Fund/Agent or
its designee in the first calendar quarter of 2019 shall be reduced by $125,000, which
reduction represents a one-time credit for fees paid by Fund/Agent or its designee to
participate in FundsNetwork Engagement Program events in calendar year 2018. In
consideration of Fund/Agent’s participation in the Select Program, where applicable and in
Fidelity’s discretion, Fidelity shall also waive certain additional fees that would be otherwise
payable by Fund/Agent or its designee to participate in other events or programs in calendar
year 2018 that are Program Features as of the Initial Term (each as defined in Exhibit L).
Fidelity acknowledges that Fund/Agent may determine the characterization or composition
of the Select Program Fee, and such characterization or composition may be changed
unilaterally by Fund/Agent in its discretion without notice to Fidelity; however, in no event
will Fund/Agent be discharged from the responsibility to pay the Program Fee in accordance
with the terms of the Agreement and Exhibits A and L hereto.

Adding a new Exhibit L, Select Program, in its entirety as attached hereto.

Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to
them in the Agreement. This amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts
(including via electronic transmission), each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of

which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Except as modified herein, the
terms and conditions of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

(signature page follows)

2 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: D4494BF8-2615-455F-888D-67B99D2CF51D

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Amendment as of the

date first above written.

 

Janus Distributors LLC

ff)
Lyn 5A S

By:

Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Member NYSE, SIPC

By: ( Soseple Miceli

 

Michael D. Elder
Title: President

Name:

Name: Joseph Vets

Title:__V?

 

Date:

Date: 11/7/2018

 

Janus Services LLC

Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations
Company, Inc.

DocuSigned by:

 

By: . Dense ee Sete —
David Kelley
Title: Vice President

Date: WRANS

Name:

By: Brow bwtow

Name: TPP ICRPRO A
Title: Vice President
11/7/2018

Date: “it

 

 

 

National Financial Services LLC
Member NYSE, SIPC

DocuSigned by:
By: (lan uremia.
Name: CRAPO a

Title: vp
Date: 11/7/2018

 

Confidential Information

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D4494BF8-2615-455F-888D-67B99D2CF51D

EXHIBIT L - SELECT PROGRAM

The following terms shall apply with respect to Fund/Agent’s participation in the Select Program as a Member for
the Initial Term (as defined below), and for subsequent Select Program terms to the extent Fund/A gent is re-enrolled

as a Member.

The Select Program is sponsored by Fidelity’s FundsNetwork business (“FundsNetwork”). Fund/Agent will remain
in the Select Program for a set program term, and receive the benefit of the program features listed in Schedule | to
this Exhibit (the “Program Features”) during such program term, subject to payment of the Select Program Fee and
the other conditions noted below.

Exclusivity:

Program Feature
Allocation:

Term:

Program
Renewal:

Addition of
Program
Features:

Termination
By Fidelity:

During the Initial Term, the Select Program will not include more than twenty (20)
Members and may include a lesser number in Fidelity’s discretion. All Members will
participate in the Select Program on the same terms and conditions. Except as otherwise
noted below, FundsNetwork will not make Program Features available to third-party fund
companies unless they are also Members.'

Participation in Program Features with multiple opportunities over the then-current program
term, such as engagement opportunities, panels and Fidelity client events, shall be allocated
as equitably as possible among the Members as determined by Fidelity. Where appropriate,
Fidelity will take each Member’s preferences into account when allocating opportunities. In
the event of capacity restraints or opportunity cancelations, Fidelity will give impacted
Members priority when allocating future opportunities.

The initial program term for the Select Program will be a 2-year period running from
January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2020 (the “Initial Term’). Thereafter, the Select Program
will renew in successive two (2) calendar year increments.

Upon expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current program term, and provided
Fund/Agent in good standing with FundsNetwork (as determined in Fidelity’s discretion),
Fund/Agent will have a right of first refusal to enroll for the succeeding program term prior
to any new fund companies being invited to enroll as Members. FundsNetwork will notify
Fund/Agent in writing in advance of the succeeding program term of any material changes
to the Select Program Fee or the terms of this Exhibit L or Schedule | hereto (the “Renewal
Notice”). To exercise the right of first refusal, Fund/Agent must sign the Renewal Notice
and return the signed copy to FundsNetwork at least ninety (90) days in advance of the start
of the succeeding program term. By signing and returning the Renewal Notice, Fund/Agent
agrees that such Renewal Notice shall constitute an amendment to the terms of the
Agreement with respect to Fund/Agent’s participation as a Member in the Select Program.
If Fund/Agent withdraws during a program term, it shall be ineligible to participate in the
subsequent program term.

Upon notice to Fund/Agent, Fidelity may elect from time to time to unilaterally add one or
more new Program Features during the then-current program term at no additional cost
during such term.

Fidelity reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to terminate Fund/Agent’s
enrollment in the Select Program during the course of any program term, although Fidelity
anticipates such a termination would only take place potentially following a serious
reputational event impacting Fund/Agent, in connection with a merger or other corporate
combination involving Fund/Agent or other material event impacting Fund/Agent, or

"In limited instances, and to the extent it is reasonably determined that there is an unmet need at an engagement,
educational or informational event, other Fidelity business channels may extend additional event invitations to non-
Member fund companies.

4 Confidential Information

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D4494BF8-2615-455F-888D-67B99D2CF51D

Withdrawal:

No Partnership:

Use of Name:

following any material fee payment default that remains uncured within 90 days of written
notice of such default by Fidelity. In the event of a Fidelity initiated termination,
Fund/Agent’s Select Program Fee shall be prorated based upon the date of termination.

Fund/Agent may withdraw from the Select Program at any time, but will remain obligated
for payment of the Select Program Fee for the program term then in effect.

The Select Program is intended to be solely a marketing, engagement and analytics program
and will not constitute a partnership or other form of joint venture between Fidelity and
Fund/Agent.

Fidelity shall have the right to identify Fund/Agent as a Member of the Select Program in
all disclosures or descriptions of the Select Program provided to clients, customers,
regulators or public media, provided that Fidelity will use reasonable efforts to provide any
press release including Fund/Agent name to Fund/Agent in advance of its release in order to
provide Fund/Agent with a reasonable opportunity to provide comments thereon prior to its
release. Fund/Agent shall have the right to identify its participation in the Select Program
in the Funds’ prospectuses, reporting to the Funds’ boards and other regulatory-related
disclosure, including public company-related disclosures. Fund/Agent shall not

individually issue any press releases related to the Select Program without Fidelity’s prior
written consent.

5 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: D4494BF8-2615-455F-888D-67B99D2CF51D

SCHEDULE 1 TO EXHIBIT L
PROGRAM FEATURES

 

FEATURE

DESCRIPTION

 

FundsNetwork Engagement
Program

Participation in the FundsNetwork Engagement Program during
the then-current program term shall be limited to Members and
shall be free of additional charge. Participation in the
FundsNetwork Engagement Program remains subject to the terms
of Fund/Agent’s Engagement Program Agreement with Fidelity.

 

Fidelity Institutional (“FI”)
Executive Forum

Fidelity shall invite Fund/Agent to the FI Executive Forum, an
annual forum for executives of Fidelity’s institutional clients.

 

Engagement with Fidelity
Executives

Fidelity shall invite Fund/Agent to engage with Fidelity
executives and executives from other Member firms at least two
times per calendar year, at dates and times to be chosen in
Fidelity’s discretion. Examples of potential engagement
opportunities include Fidelity’s annual Select Program Executive
Forum and annual Select Program Advisory Council meetings.

 

Fidelity Personal Investing
(“PI”) Regional Center Events

Fidelity shall invite Fund/Agent to participate in at least one
event for Fidelity’s PI (retail) sales and relationship management
teams at a Fidelity regional center during the then-current
program term. Each event shall be at a date, time and location to
be chosen in Fidelity’s discretion, and shall be free of additional
charge.

 

Fidelity Family Office Events

Fidelity shall invite Fund/Agent to participate in at least one
event during the then-current program term hosted by Fidelity’s
Family Office business for its clients and/or client-facing
associates. Each event shall be at a date and time to be chosen in
Fidelity’s discretion, and shall be free of additional charge.

 

Fidelity Workplace Investing
(“WI”) Events

If Fund/Agent is not invited to participate in a WI investment
consultant panel opportunity (as described below), then Fidelity
shall invite Fund/Agent to participate in at least one event during
the then-current program term hosted by WI (Fidelity’s 401(k)
recordkeeping business) for Fidelity’s sales and relationship
management teams. Each event shall be at a date and time to be
chosen in Fidelity’s discretion, and shall be free of additional
charge. Examples of potential WI events include the WI National
Sales Event and Advisor Meetings.

 

Fidelity WI Fund Ratings

On a semiannual basis, Fund/Agent will be provided with a WI
Fund Rating Report reflecting the current ratings from WI for
each of Fund/Agent’s funds that WI has evaluated (if any).

 

 

 

Fidelity WI Investment
Consultant Panel Participation

 

If Fund/Agent is not invited to participate in a WI-hosted event
(as described above), then Fidelity shall invite Fund/Agent to
have a portfolio manager participate in at least one Fidelity

 

6 Confidential Information

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D4494BF8-2615-455F-888D-67B99D2CF51D

 

investment consultant panel opportunity during the then-current
program term, at a date and time to be chosen in Fidelity’s
discretion. Participation shall be free of additional charge.

 

9 | Fidelity WI RFP Sample Line- | If and to the extent that WI provides a sample fund line-up for a
ups* request for a proposal (“RFP”) that includes third-party funds,
and fund(s) from one or more Member firms meet WI’s screening
criteria (as determined by WI’s use of its fund selection tool(s))
(the “Eligible Member Funds”), then only the Eligible Member
Funds shall be considered for inclusion as third-party funds in the
RFP response. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if none of the
Eligible Member Funds fulfill a desired style, sector or other
category in the RFP, WI may use a third-party fund that is not an
Eligible Member Fund in the sample fund line-up. Following the
submission of the sample fund line-up in the RFP, neither the
plan sponsors nor Fidelity will be limited in any manner with
respect to which third-party funds may be proposed for or
included in the plan’s final fund line-up.

 

10 | CUSIP Incubator Fund/Agent may add up to twenty-five (25) CUSIPs representing
new fund share classes or strategies (the “Incubator CUSIPs”) to
the FundsNetwork Platform during the then-current program term
without being required to meet Fidelity’s minimum assets interest
requirement for such CUSIPs, provided that CUSIPs related to
interval and offshore funds shall not be eligible as Incubator
CUSIPs. Fidelity shall waive CUSIP Maintenance Fees
otherwise payable to Fidelity by Fund/Agent on an Incubator
CUSIP until the later of (1) the end of the then-current program
term and (2) one year from the date such Incubator CUSIP is
added to the FundsNetwork Platform. This fee waiver for
Incubator CUSIPs is in addition to the CUSIP Maintenance Fee
Waiver described below in the Maintenance Fee Waiver Program

 

Feature.
11 | Advisor 401K CUSIP If applicable, Fund/Agent may add new CUSIPs to its funds
Additions* trading agreement with Fidelity in connection with Fidelity’s

Advisor-sold 401K business segment, subject to meeting
Fidelity’s minimum assets interest requirement for such CUSIPs.

 

12 | $200,000 CUSIP Maintenance | Fidelity shall waive up to an aggregate of $200,000 per year in
Fee Waiver CUSIP Maintenance Fees that would otherwise be payable to
Fidelity by Fund/Agent or its designee during the Initial Term or
the then- current program term. Additionally, Fidelity shall waive
up to an aggregate of $200,000 in CUSIP Maintenance Fees that
are owed to Fidelity by Fund/Agent or its designee for calendar

 

year 2018.
13 | Access to New FundsNetwork | Fidelity will offer Members first access to new program offerings
Platform Program Offerings on the FundsNetwork Platform that ultimately will be made
generally available to firms participating on the FundsNetwork
Platform.

 

 

 

 

 

7 Confidential Information

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: D4494BF8-2615-455F-888D-67B99D2CF51D

 

 

14 | FundsNetwork Enhanced In addition to its existing FundsNetwork relationship manager
Relationship Model (“RM”), Fund/Agent shall have access to an expanded
FundsNetwork relationship support team. The RM shall host a
Select Program kick-off meeting with Fund/Agent, during which
the RM will introduce the expanded FundsNetwork relationship
support team as well as discuss the cadence for strategic business
review meetings to be held over the course of the program

term. The RM will be available to conduct up to four (4)
strategic business review meetings per calendar year (one per
quarter), to be held either at Fidelity’s offices or at Fund/Agent’s
offices (or other mutually agreeable location) as determined by
the parties.

 

15 | Consultative Analytics Fidelity shall be available to conduct up to two (2) consultations
with Fund/Agent regarding Fund/Agent’s analytics priorities, on
dates as mutually agreed by the parties. Based on such
consultations, Fidelity may deliver or make available to
Fund/Agent up to two (2) analytical reports, which reports may
include data points and analyses not strictly available otherwise
on FundsNetwork2.com.

Fidelity will make available or deliver to Fund/Agent monthly
dashboard reports that Fidelity believes will provide Fund/Agent
with an enhanced understanding of FundsNetwork Platform
trends and how Fund/Agent’s Funds compare to those trends. As
soon as possible in 2019, Fidelity will deliver the information in
the dashboard reports through FundsNetwork2.com.

 

16 | Exchange Traded Fund Fund/Agent shall receive access to certain content, data, or other
(“ETF”) Reporting* information (the “ETF Reporting”) available through the
FundsNetwork2.com website for its affiliated ETFs (if
applicable) and other third party ETFs that are available for
purchase at Fidelity by Fidelity’s customers. In addition to assets
and transaction activity aggregated by Fidelity business segment,
the following shall be included in the ETF Reporting for
Fidelity’s clearing and custody business segment (subject to
restrictions based on confidentiality or other regulatory, legal or
compliance obligations):

If applicable, for Fund/Agent’s affiliated ETFs:

Advisor-level data on assets, transaction activity, share of wallet
and ETF ranking; and Correspondent-level data on assets, and
transaction activity aggregated by state of headquarters or,
grouped if there are fewer than four (4) Correspondents in a
particular state, For other third-party ETFs:

data on assets and transaction activity, , aggregated by Fidelity
business segment, sub-segment or geography, as applicable;

Fund/Agent acknowledges and agrees that the ETF Reporting and
the information contained therein constitutes Fidelity’s
Proprietary Information, and is being made available to

 

 

 

 

 

8 Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: D4494BF8-2615-455F-888D-67B99D2CF51D

 

Fund/Agent subject to its obligations under Section 3.4
(Confidentiality) of the Agreement and the terms of the
FundsNetwork2.com user agreement. For the avoidance of doubt,
Fidelity is not providing services to Fund/Agent under the
Agreement with respect to Fund/Agent’s affiliated ETFs or the
beneficial owners of shares thereof.

 

17 | Fidelity Center for Applied
Technology (“FCAT”) User

Experience Research Services

 

 

 

Fund/A gent will have the opportunity to participate in the FCAT
User Experience Research Services offering (“UX Offering”).
Payment of the Select Program Fee shall entitle Fund/Agent to
receive one expert website review from the FCAT UX Offering
during the then-current program term for no additional charge,
subject to execution of the applicable consulting services
agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the expert website review
is conducted by FCAT and its affiliate, Fidelity Labs LLC, and is
not part of the administrative or recordkeeping services provided
by NFS, FBS and/or FIIOC under the Agreement.

 

* The availability to third-party fund companies of this Program Feature may not be limited to Members.

9 Confidential Information

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, dated and effective as of July 31, 2019 is by and among
National Financial Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity
Investments Institutional Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), and Janus Distributors LLC and
Janus Services LLC (collectively referred to herein as “Fund/Agent”). NFS, FBS and FIOC are
collectively referred to herein as “Fidelity.”

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, NFS, FBS, FIIOC and entered into a Services Agreement dated April 1,
2009, as amended from time to time (the “Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative
services provided to beneficial owners of shares of mutual funds associated with Fund/Agent; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to add certain variable insurance products for certain
investors as a Fund under Articles One and Three of this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the
relevant sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

t) Amending the Definitions section of the Agreement to replace Definition O as
follows:

oO. “Fund” or “Funds” means one or more series or class of shares of any open-end

investment company registered under the 1940 Act or any Variable Insurance Product, as set

forth on Exhibit C, as amended from time to time, or otherwise contemplated by this Agreement.

2) Amending the Definitions section of the Agreement to add the following defined
term:

(DD) “Variable Insurance Product” means any open-end investment company that is (i)
available to act as the investment vehicle for separate accounts established for variable life
insurance policies and variable annuity contracts and qualified pension and retirement plans
within the meaning of Treasury Regulation section 1.817-5(f)(3)(iii) and (ii) listed on Exhibit C
or otherwise contemplated by this Agreement.

VIP Amendment I
Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

3) Amending Section I(C), Transaction Processing and Settlement, of Article One to
add the following:

“For any account that is registered to identify that account as containing the assets of customers
of FBS or customers of Correspondents of NFS (“NFS Account”), Fund/Agent will not accept an
order on behalf of an NFS Account unless such Order is submitted by NFS.”

4) Amending Article One to add the following new subsection and renumber subsequent
subsections accordingly:

IV. Variable Insurance Products
This subsection IV shall apply to Shares of Variable Insurance Products only.
(a) Fund/Agent Approvals.

Fund/Agent will determine, in its sole discretion, which Brokerage Channel clients and/or their
clients, as applicable, may offer, sell, or engage in orders for Variable Insurance Products.
Fidelity will have no responsibility with regard to such determinations.

Fund/Agent will identify to NFS all intermediary Brokerage Channel clients and/or their clients,
as applicable, that are approved by Fund/Agent to make the Variable Insurance Products available
to customers and Shareholders ("Participating Clients") and will communicate such approval in
writing on the client authorization form (or such other method as directed by Fidelity) by email to
NFSFlex@fmr.com, or through such other means or other physical or email address as NFS may
direct from time to time. The client authorization form is made available through
www.fundsnetwork2.com or through such other means as NFS may direct from time to time.
Fund/Agent will provide any additional information reasonably requested in order for NFS to
document such approval. Fund/Agent shall enter into participation agreements with each
Participating Client and/or their clients, as applicable, prior to communicating any such approval
to NFS. Fidelity will not be a party to and shall bear no responsibility for obligations referred to
under such participation agreements,

(b) Fees.

Fund/Agent shall pay to Fidelity the fees set forth in Exhibits A and C, as amended from time
to time.

(c) Operational Requirements.

Fund/Agent represents that it has received and reviewed the document entitled “Variable .
Insurance Product Operational Guidelines” and agrees that in addition to the other requirements
set forth under Article One, it shall comply with the terms of such Variable Insurance Product
Operational Guidelines. The Variable Insurance Product Operational Guidelines may be
amended from time to time upon provision of advance written notice from Fidelity.

5) Amending Section I(A) of Article Three to add the following new subsection:

{vi) each Variable Insurance Product under this Agreement is registered as an open-
end management investment company under the 1940 Act.

VIP Amendment 2
Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

6) Amending Section I(C) of Article Three to add the following new subsection:
(xi) that in respect of any Variable Insurance Products:

(a) Fidelity will only make available for purchase Shares of such Variable Insurance
Products to Participating Clients (as defined in Section IV(a) of Article One ) through
the Brokerage Channels, upon receipt from Fund/Agent of a duly signed
authorization form pursuant to Section IV (a) of Article One.

(b) Fidelity will use reasonable business efforts to notify the Fund/Agent if it is notified
by a plan sponsor or a regulatory authority that the status or type of plan identified in
the authorization form has changed.

7) Amending the end of the second paragraph in Section II of Article Three to add a
new subsection (iv) as follows:

and, (iv) all Losses resulting from a breach of the representation and warranty in Section I(C) of
Article Three (xi), which are intended to be fully recoverable, and are not to be construed as
consequential, indirect, exemplary or punitive damages, pursuant to Section III of Article Three.

1?) Restating Exhibit C in its entirety as attached hereto.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank. Signature page to follow.]

ViP Amendment 3
Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

IN WITNESS WHEREOPF, the parties have executed this amendment as of the date first
written above. By signing below, the undersigned represent that they are authorized to execute
this document on behalf of the respective parties. Notwithstanding any contradictory provision of
the agreement that this document amends, each party may rely without duty of inquiry on the
foregoing representation.

 

 

 

Janus Distributors LLC Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Me BLY GEE; SIPC
4 C Audrew Brasey
By: L/ J By: E1F2C2800306480
y Andrew Beas Tey

Name: Michael D. Elder Name:
Head of Business Development
Title: President Title:
7 8/19/2019
Date: Date:

 

 

 

 

Janus Services LLC Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations
CompanyIneeusigned by:

SC Brian twtow.
By: 2% 326, By: 2B12CF971D8D417

 

Brian Hurton

Name: David Kelley Name:
Title: | Head of US Transfer Agency Title: Vice President

Dae: -\UW\u %\, 2 ANA Date: 8/19/2019

 

National Financial Services LLC

 

Member NYSE, SIPC
DocuSigned by:
By: [ Ceatie Gurumia
Name: SeesssoeharTie Geremia
Title: ee
Date: 8/19/2019

 

 

VIP Amendment 4
Confidential Information

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7
Exhibit C

 

UNIVERSAL FEES

Fee Frequency gee Fees

Fuad Family Add Fee (Start Up Fee) ‘One-time One-time $15000 Per Fund Family (WAIVED)

CUSIP Add Fee One-time One-time $6000 Per CUSIP (Warved if CUSIP ts an NTF Fund wathin Brokerage Channel)

 

MMF Implementation Fee ‘One-time One-time $25000 Per Fund Firm (WAIVED)

 

BROKERAGE CHANNEL FEES

Position Reimbursement Fee Mon $00,000" uss
(invoiced) 250,000-499,999 $15
Under 250,000 $16

Funds with Neeworked Positions: Non-NTE Omntbus Funds NTE Omnibus Funds

Monthly Minimun Fee* hae wad
(Invoiced) $500 $1,000

  

  

 

     
  
 
  

   

 

    
 

 

  
 
   
    

 

 

    
   

 

Fund Information Brokerage Channel Participation
No Transaction Fee (NTF) Fund Program
~ F ‘Transaction Fee Funds
NTF Channel Availability
Correspondents
| (Commission ae ceeae Networked
Fund Name Ticker Cusp __ Share Class. NTF Rate Personal Investing Institutional Wealth Services Based) sewese Fee
ANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL —— 5
ALLOCATION FD CL A. JAGAX 47103D272 A NIA giz $i6
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND CL A HGAAX —47103x108"" A 031% x x x $12 sie
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CL A JAQAX — 47103379" A NIA si2 sie
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL A JDBAX —47103C506"" A NIA si2 516
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CL A JCNAX 47103878" A NIA siz Sie
ANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED i
ALTERNATIVES FD CLA SDDAX 47103694 A NIA $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME es . >
BUILDER FUND CL A HDAVX — 47103X864 A 031% x x x si2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS FD ”
CLA JMFAX —_47103E551 A NIA $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS i
HEMAX — 47103X757 A 031% x x x siz $16
IRGNG MRKTS o
MANAGED VOL FD CLA JOLAX 471030389 A NA $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CL A JDMAX 47103829" A NA siz si6
JANUS HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FUN! a
a El EANFOCUSFUND cea g7103X641 A 031% x x x $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CLA JDCAX 471036747" A NA siz St6
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CL A JDGAX 47103712" A NIA si2 si6
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- JCAAX a7 = A NA .
CONSERVATIVE FDCLA eee si S16
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- JGCAX - A NIA °
GROWTH FDCLA a) ni si2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-
MODERATE FDCL A JMOAX 47103880 ~) N/A $12 516
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BONDFDCLA =—-‘JGBAX —47103E486"" A NA $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME oS “ . >
RID CIEA HFQAX — 47103X534 A on% x x x su $16

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

 

 

 

 

Exhiba C
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL. INCOME : fs a
MANAGED VOL FD CL A KDAX  <00CI8 a WA si2 $16
a ee GLOBAL LIFESCIENCES eax gygnsgyy™ a WA $12 $16
a HENDERSON GLOBAL REAL ESTATEFD yea gy a7 193.4617" a Na ee aa
a HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCH FDCL sway gr io3¢32q"" a NA 12 sie
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECTFDCLA  JORAX 47103548" A NA $12 $16
a HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD yxray go gagysg" a NA $12 ste
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL + .“ a
UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL A AICAX 47103462 A NA siz $16
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUEFDCLA = JPPAX — 47023440" A NIA $12 316
a HENDERSON GROWTH AND INCOME FD ovay gr igacesa”™ a NA si2 si6
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL A JHYAX —47103C397" A NIA si2 sie
a renee INTERNATIONAL EQUITY ase go igg asso" a re sa si6
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL “
LNA) . % x 2
LONG/SHORT EQUITY FUND CL A HLNAX 47100427 Z o3t x x x 31 $16
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL es a
MANAGED VOL FD CLA JMIAX —47/03A781 A NIA $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL ee . >
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CL A HFOAX —47103X310' A 031% x x x si2 $i6
ANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE yegy gr roapyga5"* a WA $12 si6
a HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUEFDCL yanay  gyyo3agio™ a NA 12 si6
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUEFDCLA = JDPAX 47103266" A NIA $12 $16
ee MULTISECTOR INCOME aay gnigsnsae" a wa ea si6
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL A JDIAX 471030480" A N/A $I2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CL A. JURAX —-47103A252"" A NIA SI $6
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL A JRAAX 471023317" A NIA $12 316
JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FDCL A IVSAX 471036230" A NIA $12 $16
a HENDERSON SHORT TERMBONDFD CL jeigy  gnigazag9"t a naa 2 on
ANUS HENDERSON SMALL CAPVALUEFDCL os qx gnigyeni7"" a ro si2 sie
NUS ATEGIC INCOME FUNI “
7 - HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FUND vies ay gayonygg2 031% x x x si2 Si6
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL A JGMAX —47103C373" A NIA $i2 S16
a HENDERSON US MANAGED VOLFDCL pcay  gqiosqzaa™ a A siz s16
panus HENDERSON US MANAGED VOLFDCL pony gyi03c90"" a NIA $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH =
SRAX % > 2
eenerianricd FIND CLA HGRAX — 47103755 A 03 x x x st $16
US HENDERSON V, s =
an ONVALUE PLUSINCOMEFD — ypyax 471031627 A N/A si2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CLA JVTAX — 47103E420"" A NA $12 S16
JANUS HENDERSONFLEXIBLE BOND FD CL A JOFAX = 47103761" A NA $i2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL
AVCX = 471032 Ni 2
ALLOCATION FD CL. vss ied c 4 st sie
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUNDCLC™"” = HGACX =—47103X2 c NIA $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CLC" JAQCX 47103E361 c NA $12 $16

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

Exnibit C
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL JABCX — 4710360 Cc N/A $12 sis
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIANFD CLC" = JCNCX 47103C860 c NIA siz ste
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED
ALTERNATIVES FD CL C""" DOCK =—-47103686 c NIA sr S16
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME . a
BUILDER FUND CLC" HDCVX —47103X856 c NA $12 16
PANS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETSFD igen sag hi NA aa ste
JANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS ee ainarra re on ar aa
FUND CLC" ° “ -
JANUS HENDERSON EMRGNG MRKTS.
poly e 471 7 a Ni 2
MANAGED VOL CLC JOLCX }03D371 c A si sie
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FDCLC™" = JGRCX— 47103811 c NIA $12 Si6
IS ERSON us
apes HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FUND iecey  grig3ye33 c nua siz sis
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL ;
on JEICX ——-47(03C753 c NIA $12 S16
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CL C"""" JACCX 471034666 c NIA siz S16
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CLC” JGOCX 47103696 c NA $i2 $i6
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-
2 !, 2
CONSERVATIVE FDCLC”"” AEACK 471034203 i NIA $12 sie
ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL. ALLOCATION-
GROWTH FDcLc"™ JOCCX 471034609 c NIA $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- RDC Tanna e a ae Pe
MODERATE FD CL ° ~ “ 6
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CLC" JGBCX 47103478 c $12 sie
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME
soove X47 2 2
mee HFQCX 103X526 c NIA $i2 sie
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME ROC erinocres E NIA 5
MANAGED VOL FD CL C™” > 2 id uD
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL LIFESCIENCES gy gaigoag7y a na a a
FD CLC’
IS HEND!
ae ERSON GLOBAL REALESTATEFD egy 471934591 c NIA siz $t6
|ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL Ri
pee ENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCHFOCL vey anio3c316 c NA siz si6
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBA\ Fl
on La SIRS JORCX —_47103C330 c N/A siz S16
JANUS HENDE IN
oe IDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD. JAGCX 471023341 c NIA siz $l6
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL oe) er e 7 ;
UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL C""" > ° Na a ate
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUE FD CL.
on JPPCX 471023432 c NIA $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON GROWTH AND I
os ON GROWTH ANDINCOMEFD — scicx —_47103¢647 c N/A siz $16
CLC
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL ¢”""* IDHCX — 47103589 c NIA $12 316
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATION:
cle” INTERNATIONAL EQUITY ciex 471034542 c siz $16
FDCLC
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
dat NC: 47103X419
LONG/SHORT EQUITY FUND CLC” HLNCX taxa C NA 2 St
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
aaa JMICX 4710377. NA 2
MANAGED VOL FD CLC” ICX A773 c $1 $16
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
pews HFOCX —-47103X294 Nii 2
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CL C’ ee am ce o s12 sto
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE
peo JIFCX 471030611 c NiA siz $16

FDCL CE

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

Exhibit C
iS HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL. . .
JAPCX 47103294 c NA $12 $16
J ANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CL
en JMYCX ——-47103C258 c NA st2 Sts
YANUS HENDERSON MULTISECTOR INCOME iy niga sig a nA aa ry
FD CLC
ANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CLC" JIGCX = 47103472 c NIA st2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CLC" JURCX AT103A245 Cc NA siz S16
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL ( JRACX 471023291 c NIA siz S16
Ni INDERSON VALUE
Foo HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FD CL JVSCX ——47)03€221 c NIA siz sis
JANUS HENDERSON SH
i HENDERSON SHORT TERM BONDFD CL jeticy 41023259 c NIA $12 si6
IN ul

ee HENDERSON SMALLCAP VALUEFDCL  yogey gziogcy] Bi aoa a a
JANUS HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FUND
coc HFACX 47103854 c NIA siz sé
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL C™ JGMCX 4703365 c NIA $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON U.S CORE FD CLC” SLCCX 47103209 c NIA $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON U S MANAGED VOL FD CL .
os JRSCX 47103724 c NIA $12 ste
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH

peace CX aT 74 NIA 2
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CL C’ HGRCX 1748 S s si

Vv,

aan ALUEPLUSINCOMEFD vex 471036619 c NIA $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CLC" JVTCX 47103E411 c NA, siz $t6
ANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL ; %
MANAGED VOL FD CLI JMIIX 47103765 t 015% x x $12 $i6
ANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL sy . a
ALLOCATION FD CLI ee u 015% x x $12 S16
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND CLI HGAIX —47103X401 1 015% x x $12 sis
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CLI JAQIX 47103346 1 015% x x $i2 sé
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CLI JBALX 47103704 1 015% x x siz si6
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CL I JCONX 471030852 ! 0.15% x x siz si6
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED a 2
ALTERNATIVES FDCLI JDAIX 47103660 t 015% x siz sis
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME , a 2
BUMLDER FUND CLI HDIVX —-47103X831 t 015% x x siz $16
anys HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETSFD — wapyy 473038528 t 015% x x $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS .
FUND CLL HEMIX —47103X724 ' 015% x x siz $16
ANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD Cl. JMGRX 47103798 t 0.15% x x siz $16
panus HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUSFUND —iceiy gnig3ye17 r 01s x x $i2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BONDFDCL1 = JFLEX = 47103746 t x x siz $16
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CLI JCAPX 47103658 1 x x siz $16
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CLI JGROX 47103688 I x x si2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- .
CONSERVATIVE FDCLI eee ' x x si2 sie
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- . “1
GROWTH FOCLI JGCIX 47103708 ' 015% x x si2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- . >
MODERATE FD CLI JMOIX 47103864 1 0.15% x x $12 516
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CLI JGBIX 47 103E 452 ' 015% x x $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME . .
FUND CLI HFQIX —47103X492 ' 0.15% x x $i2 $16
|) ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME . mi a .
MANAGED VOL FD CLI Se acrs ! 015% x x siz si6
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL LIFESCIENCES yy gos yaa : a a e a era

FD CLI

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD
CL

JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCH FD CL
1

JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FD CLI

JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD
CLI

JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL
UNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLI

JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUE FD CLI

JANUS HENDERSON GROWTH AND INCOME FD
CLI

JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CLI
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL EQUITY
FOCLI

JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
LONG/SHORT EQUITY FUND CLI

JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
(OPPORTUNITIES FUND CL I

JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE
FDCLI

JANUS HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUE FD CLI

 

JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CL I

JANUS HENDERSON MULTI SECTOR INCOME,
FDCLI

JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CLI

JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CLI
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL I

JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FD CLI
JANUS HENDERSON SHORT TERM BOND FD CL

I

JANUS HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL
I
JANUS HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FUND
CL

JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CLI

JANUS HENDERSON US CORE FDCL I

JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CLI

JANUS HENDERSON VALUE PLUS INCOME FD
CLA

JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL 1

JANUS HENDERSONEMRGNG MRKTS,
MANAGED VOL FD CLI

JANUS HENDERSONU S MANAGED VOL FD CL.
1

 

JANUS HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL
Le

JANUS HENDERSONMID CAP VALUE FD CLL

JANUS EMERGING MARKETS FD CL

JANUS HENDERSON US CORE FD IN’
JANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL.
ALLOCATION FD CLN

JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND CL.N

Janus Henderson Asia Equity Fund - Class N
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CLM

Janus Henderson Contrarian Fund CL N‘
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED

ALTERNATIVES FD CLN

JERIX.

JWWFX

JORFX

JATIX

JUCIX

JPPIX

JGINX
JHYFX
JMEX

HLNIX

HFOIX

JIFIX

JAPIX

IMVAX

IMUIX

JIGFX
JURIX
JRAIX
IVSIX

JSHIX

JSCOX

HFAIX

JSMGX
JRMCX

HGRIX
JPVIX
IVTIX
JOLIX
IRSIX

JSIVX,

JMIVX

SMFNX
IRCNX

JAGNX

HGARX

JAQNX
JABNX
JCNNX

JDANX

471030583
47103C290
471030522
471023333
47103D439
471023424

47103C639
47103571
47103AS34

47 103X385
47103X278
47103D587
471034286
47103C241

47103D512

471030464
471034229
471023283
47103197

471023242
47103183

47103839

471030357
47103308

47103Y722
471036585
47103E395
471030355
4T103A716
471023564

471023580

471030306
ATLOIEL48

471030231

47103X500

47103 Y649
471030108
471031207

47103D652

z2zzee

z

zzz

z

 

015%

015%
01s%

015%

0 15%

015%

015%

 

 

NIA

NA
NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

Exhibat C

 

 

x

x

x

x AK K

“x x

A KKKKM RK OK

*

KKK

x

siz
Si2
si2

siz

$2

$i2
$12

si2

siz
si2
$i2

0.00%

000%

0.00%
0.00%

000%

0.00%

000%
0.00%
0.00%

000%

S16

S16

S16

S16

S16

S16

S16
516
316

516

$16

$16

S16

sis

St6

SI6
$lé
SI6
sé

Slé

Slé

$16

S16
$16

316

S16
$16
Slo

$16

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%

000%

0.00%

0.00%
000%
0.00%

0.00%

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME
HDRVX —47103X823, N NIA 000% 00%
BUILDER FUND CL N'
JANUS HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS . . . ,
FUND CLIN! HEMRX —47103X716 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
Janus Henderson Emerging Markets Managed JOLNX 471030348 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
Volatility CL. N'
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD Cl. N JDMNX 47103405 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS HEN ¢ EUROPEAN F ‘I
5 a HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUSFUND cee 47103X501 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FDCLN © JDFNX 47103504 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CL N’ JFRNX 47103603 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FUND CL
ie JGLNX 471030801 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME
F 47103X484 N y ‘ ‘
FUNDCL HFQRX 103: N/A 0.00% 0.00%
Janus Henderson Global Income Managed Volatl
aun! erson Global Income Manag mhty —JGGNX ——47103E163 N NA 0.00% 0.00%
Janus Henderson Global Life Sciences Fund-ClassN' JFNNX 47103631 N NA 0.00% 0.00%
Janus Henderson Global Real Estate Fund-ClassN'  JERNX = 47103623 N NA 0.00% 0.00%
Janus Henderson Global Research CL N' JDWNX 471030777 N N/A 0.00% 0.00%
Janus Henderson Global Select CL N' ISLNX 471030876 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
Janus HENDERSON Global Technology Fund! JATNX 47103181 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL jucx. 47030421 N NA — _—
IUNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CL N’ " * ; % Me
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUEFDCLN — JPPNX 47103769 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
Janus Henderson Growth and Income FundCLN '  JDNNX 47103868 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
J ANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL’ JHYNX 471030850 N NIA 0.00% 000%
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
HLNRX — 47103X377 N NIA os ‘
LONG/SHORT EQUITY FUND CL. om oom
J ANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL PEE rinacias x NIA 0.00% 0.00%
MANAGED VOL FD CL’ . . . “ °
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL
HF 47103X260 N N/ Ye ‘
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CL NI ee “ oom 00m
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL SMALL yn gn gavcng N wa ;
CAP FUND CLIN a Ms
Ni
7 res INTERNATIONAL VALUE yy aatyeag N wa ooo oocte
JANUS HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL
mw JPLNX 471030751 N NA 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUEFDCLN © JDPNX = 47103744 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON MULTI SECTOR INCOME
i JMTNX —-47103D4%% N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
FDCLNN
J ANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL JDINX 47103835 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
J ANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL JRANX 471030827 N NIA 0.00% 000%
Janus Henderson Select Value Fund CL N' IVSNX 471030736 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
ANUS HENDE! HORT OND
Nt RSON SHORT TERM BONDFDCL jeux 471030819 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON SMALL CaP V.
Nt ERSON SMALLCAP VALUEFDCL sexx 471030728 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
J ANUS HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FUND
ctw! HFARX 47103821 N NIA 000% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL. N' JGMNX 471030793 N NIA 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON US MANAGED VOLFDN — JRSNX 471036122 N NA 0.00% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH eerie N WA
JOPPORTUNITIES FUND CL N' “_ 000% 0.00%

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

 

 

 

Exhibit C
Janus Henderson Value Plus Income Fund CL N' JPVYNX 47103D710 N on% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CLIN JVTNX 47103785 N ooc% 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL R JDBRX 471030803 R x OOm% 0.10%
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CL RK. JCNRX 471030845 R x oom 0.10%
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CLR JDMRX 471030787 R x 000% 010%
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FDCLR = JDFRX —_$7103C738 R x 0.00% 010%
ANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CLR SDCRX 471034641 R 060% x 000% 0.10%
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CLR JDGRX 47103670 R 060% x 0.00% 010%
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCH FO CL way rioscan2 R oes x core onan
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FDCLR © JORRX 47103514 R 0.60% x 000% = O.1o%
ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL . . ,
IUNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLR JUCRX 47103D298 R 0M x COM 0.10%
a PEENDERS ON CROW TH AND INCOME ED JDNRX 47103C621 R oO COOK 010%
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL K- JNYRX 47103C563 R 06% com 010%
LS ciTtEneaeee INTERNATIONAL EQUITY JRIEX 47103A526 R oem x 000% 0.10%
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL o9, "
OPPORTUNITIES FUND CLR HFORX 47103X245 R 060% x 000% Ol”
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CL R- JDPRX 47103C233 R 060% x 000% 010%
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CLR JDIRX 47103456 R 06% x 000% «010%
ANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CL R JRARX 471030173 R 060% x 00% 010%
a HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUE FDCL JDSRX 47103C175 R 060% x 000% 01%
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CLR JGMRX 47103C340 R o6Oo% x 000%
JANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL
. . ; “4

MGcATIOn Ea CTa JAGSX 47103256 s 040% x 0.00%
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FD CLS HGAQX 47103X807 s 040% x ou,
JANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CLS JAQSX 47103E338 s 240% x 000%
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CLS JABRX 47103C886 s Cam x on™,
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CLS JCNIX 47103837 s 040% x 00% = 015%
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED , .
Mreeninives tmarte JDASX 471030845 5 0.40% x 00% «018%
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME . . .
BUILDER FD CLS HDQVX 47103X781 Ss 040% x 0.00% 0.15%
as HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETSFD recy 471036510 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15%
as ENDER EON EMERGING MA) Aid HEMSX 47103X674 s 040% x 000% Ol
JANUS HENDERSON EMRGNG MRKTS
MANAGED VOL FD CL$ JOLSX 471030330 s 040% x 00% Ol
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CL$ JGRTX 471030779 s 040% x 000% = 015%
JANUS HENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FDCLS HFESX 47103X567 s 040% x 000% O1Is%
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL S JADFX 47103C720 s 040% x 000% O1S%
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CL S JARTX 47103633 s 0.40% x 000% = 0.15%
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CL S JIGORX 47103C662 Ss 040% x 000% O15%
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- .
ICONSERVATIVE FDCLS JCASX 471034401 Ss 040% x 000% O11
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-

b y Me x 6 ve
CAD WHHEDEI'S JGCSX 4710380 s 0.40% x nome wo
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-

% 7 > a Yo
MODERATE FD CLS JMOSX 4TIOZABSO 8s 040% x 0.00% 013%
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FD CLS. JGBSX A4TI03E445 s 040% x 000% 0.15%
peppers GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME HFQSX 47103X4% s 04% xX 000% 015%
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME JGDSX ATLOICIIB s 040% x 00% O15S%

MANAGED VOL FD CLS.

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

 

 

 

 

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBALLIFESCIENCES — yengsx —_gnyg23457 e 040% x 0.00% 015%
Hanus HENDERSON GLOBAL REALESTATEFD jercy —anig3as7s e — x 00% 015%
a HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCHFDCL wry g7ioaca74 a aon x nee aie
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FDCLS —JORIX —_47103C498 s 040% x 0.0% 01%
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY FD arsy ——anigznn3s 5 04% x 0.00% 0.15%
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL , : ;
NCONSTRARIEN BONO FOG JUCSX 471030413 s 0.40% x 0.00% 15%
ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUEFDCLS —JPPSX «471023416 s 040% x 0.00% 018%
PANUS HENDERSON GROWTH ANDINCOME FD angy —103cst3 e aos x poo mise
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL $ JDHYX 471030555 s 0.40% x 0.00% 015%
Header aan INTERNATIONAL EQUITY eiex 47103518 s 0.40% x 0.00% 018%
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL , . .
LONGSHORT EQUITY FD CLS HLNSX —47103X344 s 040% x 0.00% 015%
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL , : a
anne VorTED cals JMISX —47103A757 s 040% x 000% 0.18%
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL , »
OPPORTUNITIES FD CLS Oana s 040% x 000% 0.15%
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL SMALL . 7 *
AP ED CLS HIZSX 47103805 s 040% x com ars
PANS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL VALUE ieey qrioapset s yo x 0.00% 015%
a HENDERSON LARGE CAPVALUEFDCL — sancy 471034278 s 0.40% x oom 015%
JANUS HENDERSON MIDCAP VALUEFDCLS = JMVIX  47103C225 s 0.40% x 0.00% 0.15%
HANS HENDERSON MULTISECTOR INCOME acy g7toapase z x nome mie
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CLS JIGRX 471030449 s x 000% 0.15%
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CL$ JURSX 471034237 s x 0.00% 0.15%
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CLS. JRASX 471023275 s x 0.00% 0.15%
JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUEFDCLS$ © JSVSX 47203189 s x 000% 015%
a HENDERSON SHORT TERMBONDFDCL jeicy —gzionyay4 : on x 0.00% 015%
pans HENDERSON SMALLCAP VALUEFDCL cng grioacyg7 s ome x 000% 0.15%
in +
Hs {US HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FD CL aeacy  gzignyago e vo a oom ois
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CL S JOMIX 471030332 s 040% x 0.00% 015%
JANUS HENDERSON US CORE FD CLS JLCIX 471030407 s 040% x oom 0.15%
JANUS HENDERSON US MANAGED VOLFDCL nesx 34650 ; a . ne
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH . - +
OPPORTUNITIES FD CLS ERS SNS s 040% x 000% 0.15%
pa HENDERSON VALUE PLUS INCOME FD yayoy 471036577 s x 000% 015%
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CL S SVTSX —47103E387 s x 0.00% 015%
|tANUS HENDERSON ADAPTIVE GLBL.
7 12: 2
ALLOCATION D CET JVGTX 471030223 T x x x x si2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON ALL ASSET FUND HGATX — 47103X880 T x x x x si2 S16
ANUS HENDERSON ASIA EQUITY FD CLT JAQTX 471038320 T x x x x $12 S16
JANUS HENDERSON BALANCED FD CL T JABAX 471023879 T x x x x $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FD CL T ISVAX 471023655 T x x x x siz S16
JANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFIED .
ALTERNATIVES FD CLT SOA oo u x x x x siz S16
JANUS HENDERSON DIVIDEND & INCOME FETT ar aoe F nase x x x x si2 sis

JBUILDER FUND

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

 

 

 

 

 

Exhiba C
vee HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS FD JMFTX 47103E494 T 035% x x x x Siz $16
Hee HENDERSON EMERGING MARKETS HEMTX 47103666 T 035% x x x x si2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON EMRGNG MRKTS C 7 6) . >
MANAGED VOL FD CLT JOLTX 47103D322 T 035% x x x x SI2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE FD CLT JAENX 471023804 T Oss x x x Siz $16
ANUS HENDERSON EUROPEANFOCUS FUND © -HFETX 47103559. T 035% x x x x siz $16
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND FD CL T JAFIX 471023606 T x x x x si2 SIG
JANUS HENDERSON FORTY FD CLT JACTX 471034625. T x x x x si2 516
JANUS HENDERSON FUND CL T JANSX 471023101 T x x x x $i2 $6
ANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION- i
ICONSERVATIVE FDCLT JSPCX 471023499 T x x x x $i2 S16
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION. " 99352 2 >
[GROWTH FDCLT JSPGX 471023523 T O3s% x xX x x S12 $ié
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ALLOCATION-
2: 35% > > j2

IMODERATE FD CLT JSPMX 471023515 T 035 x xX x x $I $16
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL BOND FDCLT © SHBTX. 471036437 T 035% x x x x 512 516
tines HENDERSON GLOBAL EQUITY INCOME HFQTX 47 103X443 T O35% x x x x siz $16
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL INCOME . . >
MANAGED VOL FD CLT IDGTX 471036247 T 035% x x x x S12 $16
ica GLOBAL LIFE SCIENCES JAGLX 471023671 T 035% xX x x x si2 $16
ae HENDERSON GLOBAL REAL ESTATE FD JERTX ATLO3AS67 T 035% x x x x $i2 $16
HANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCH FO CL yqwwy 471033300 [ oss x x re z a aa
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL SELECT FD CL T JORNX 471023648 T 035% xX xX x x si2 sie
ee SSSR SL OBAL TECTROLOGY Fa) JAGTX 471023663 T 03% x x x x $i2 sie
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL ; 5 « >
IUNCONSTRAINED BOND FD CLT JUCTX 47103D397 T 033% x x x xX $i2 $i6
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL VALUE FD CL T JGVAX 471023622 T 038% x x x x $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON GOVERNMENT MONEY

‘ 02382 *% 2
aaeRereDciT JAGXX 471023820 T 038 $12 $16
a HENDERSON GROWTH ANDINCOMEFD  y,ciy 471933200 T 035% x x x x $12 sie
JANUS HENDERSON HIGH-YIELD FD CL T JAHYX 471023762 T 035% x x x x $12 S16

spent “ :
arte CER SOn ITER ATIONAL EQUITY, JAITX 47103A492 T 0.35 x x x x $iz slé
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL : . : >
LONG/SHORT EQUITY FUND HLNTX 47103X336 T 035% x x x x $i2 $l6
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL . ss .
MANAGED VOL FD CLT JRMTX 47103A740 T 035% x x x x siz $16
JANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL . 59 . .
Pediat antes HFOTX §—47103X229, 035% x x x x si2 si6
ANUS HENDERSON INTERNATIONAL SMALL , . .
ICAP FUND HIZTX ATIOSY 888 T oss x x xX x $12 S16
Pie ma INTERNATIONAL VALUE ery 471030553 T 035% x x x x siz si6
panus HENDERSON LARGE CAP VALUE FD CL JPLTX 47103A260 1 035% x x x x $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON MID CAP VALUE FD CLT JIMCVX 471023598 T Gis x x x x $i2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON MONEY MARKET FDCLT JAMXX 471023838 T 035% si2 sis
IN

PANUSTENDERSONMULTISECTOR INCOME — ywusry gnigspa70—T 035% x x x x si2 sis
JANUS HENDERSON OVERSEAS FD CL T JAOSX 471023846 T 035% x x x x siz sie
JANUS HENDERSON REAL RETURN FD CL T JURTX 47103A211 T 035% x x x x 312 $16

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

Exhibit C
JANUS HENDERSON RESEARCH FD CLT JAMRX 471023853, T 035% x x x x $i2 $l6
JANUS HENDERSON SELECT VALUE FD CLT x ATIOIEI7E T 038% x Xx x x $iz $le
ss HENDERSON SHORT TERM BOND FD CL. 471023887 035% x x x x sin $16
sti HENDERSON SMALL CAP VALUE FD CL. 471023572 - 035% x x x x $12 $16
JANUS HENDERSON STRATEGIC INCOME FUND 47103977) 035% x x x x $i2 $16
JANUS HENDERSON TRITON FD CLT 471023549 035% x x x x SI2 ste
JANUS HENDERSON US CORE FD CLT 471023556 O35 x x x x $i2 Slo
panus HENDERSON US MANAGED VOL FD CL 471034682 035% x x x x siz $6
JANUS HENDERSON US GROWTH a a - . >
OPPORTUNITIES FUND 47103664 035% x x x x $12 $16
a HENDERSON VALUE PLUS INCOME FD. 471036569 035% x x x x siz $16
JANUS HENDERSON VENTURE FD CLT ? 471023507 O03. x x x x tz si6
NOES . ;
JANUS HE! pare BALANCED PORTFOLIO 471021402 NIA 0.00% 000%
INSTITUTIONAL*
JANUS HENDERSON ENTERPRISE PORTFOLIO
2 4710212 NIA 00% 000%
INSTITUTIONAL ~ Ta .
JANUS HENDERSON FLEXIBLE BOND
2 471021501 Ss NIA ve Ye
PORTFOLIO INSTITUTIONAL" oom oom
JANUS HENDERS*
en cee RESEARCH 471021303 NA 000% 000%
IPORTF OLIO INSTITUTIONAL~
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY
: 471021 » 000% oom,
PORTFOLIO INSTITUTIONAL ~ ce a

 

 

* Monthly Mimmum Fee waived if average assets per Brokerage Channel Fund exceeds $3.5 million, reduced by amount of Brokerage Channel Asset-Based Fees or Position Fees generated during same period

** Fidelity shall be entitled to a re-allowance of the initial sales charge 2s set forth in the then-current Prospectus and/or SA! Fidelity shall be entitled to such re-allowance upon receipt of purchase funds from customers in the Brokerage Channels Further, in accordance with each Fi
the Distributor may, but 15 not obligated to, make payments 10 Fidelity from Distributor’s or such affiliate’s own resources as compensalion for certain sales that are made at net assel value - Reallowance of initial sales charge (front-end load) on Class A assets as dealer concession in a
Agreement

*** As reflected under RFN Fee Column in Exhibit C

**** For purposes of fund availability to the Brokerage Channels, the parties acknowledge and agree that the term “investment adviser” or “adviser” 1s intended to include reyrstered investment advisers, thied party administrators, banks, trust departments, and family office clients Ifa
this Exhibit C. the fund may be made available under the No Transactton Fee Fund Program to Correspondents for managed accounts. Fund/Agent acknowledges and agrees that FBS will make Class | shares of funds available to famuly office clients unless Fund/Ayent notifies FBS to th
agrees that FBS will make fund shares available on a lond-waived basis to accounts maintained for employee benefit plans and fee-based accounts maintained through mvestment advisers unless the Fund/Ayent notifies FBS to the contrary

With respect to the purchase of Class N shares, notwithstanding any contrary proviston of the Funds’ Prospectus, NFS or its affiliates may allow the purchase of Class N shares by the Janus Capital Group Inc Mutual Fund Share Investment Plan The foregoing is not intended to autho:
N shares by account types not eligible under the terms of the Prospectus
##9** 1 00% ON Class C assets as dealer concession in addition to the fees for services contemplated by this Agreement

2 The cusip add fee ts warved for products identified as Variable Insurance Products
3 Chent access to vanable insurance products must be authorized by Janus

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

 

 

 

 

0 10%

orn

FIUOC Channel Participation

FILOC Channel Redemption
FOC Fee Codi

Channel

Service mum | Redemy

Payment_| Hold Period Fee Rate
Me NIA NIA

N/A NIA
0.35% NIA NIA
NIA
NA

       

  

    
   
   
 

NIA

 
 
 

035% NIA NA

 
 
 

035% NA NA

 
 
 

035% NIA NA

 
 
 

0.35% N/A NIA

  
   
   

NIA
NYA

 

Exhibit C

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

0.10%"

010%

010%"

 

 

 

035%

0.35%

035%

035%

035%

0.35%

035%

035%

035%
035%
035%

035%

035%

035%

035%

035%

035%

035%
035%
055%
035%

035%

035%

035%

033%
0.35%
035%

035%

0.35%

035%
035%
035%

1.00%

1.00%

100%

NA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NA

NIA

NIA

NA
NA
NIA

NA

NA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
N/A

NA

N/A

NIA

NYA

N/A
NIA
NIA

N/A

NIA

NIA
NIA
NA

NIA

NIA

NIA

Exhibit C

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

0.00%

000%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

a.00%

0.00%

0.00%

000%

000%

000%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

000%

0.00%

00%

0.00%

000%

000%

Om

0.00%

0.00%

00%

000%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

 

 

100%

1 00%

1 00%

100%

100%

100%

1 00%

1,00%

100%

1.00%

1.00%
1.00%

1 00%

100%

100%

1 00%

100%

1.00%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

1 00%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

Loos

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NA

NIA

NIA

NIA

N/A

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NA

NIA
NIA

NIA

NA

N/A

N/A

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NA

NA

NIA

NYA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NA

NA

N/A

NA

Exhiba C

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

0.00%

000%

0.00%
0.00%
000%
0.00%

c00%

0.00%

0.00%

00%

0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

 

 

1.00%

1.00%

1 00%
100%
1 00%
100%

100%

100%

1 00%

100%

100%
1 00%

100%

1 00%

1 00%
100%
010%

0.10%

0.10%
0.10%
010%
0 10%

910%

0.10%

0.10%

010%
0.10%
010%

010%

0.10%
010%

010%

0.10%

0.10%
010%
0.10%

010%

010%

NIA

NIA

NA
NIA
NA
NIA

NA

NA

N/A

NIA

NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA

NiA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA
NA

NIA
NIA

NA

NA
NA

NIA

N/A
NIA
NA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

NA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA

vA

NA
NA
NA
NA

N/A

NA

NIA
NIA
NA

NA

NIA
NA

NA

NIA
NA
NIA

NA

NIA

Exhibit C

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

010%"
010%"
010%"
010%"
010%"
010%"

010%"
010%"

0.10%
010%"

0.10%"
0.10%"
0.10%

010%"

0.10%"

 

010%
010%
0.10%"
0.10%"

  

010%"

o10%""

 

0.00%

000%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
000%

010%

010%

010%

010%

010%

010%

01%
010%

01%

01%

010%

010%

010%

0.10%

010%
010%
010%
0.10%

010%

010%

010%

010%
0.10%

010%

010%
010%
010%

NYA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

NA

N/A
NA
NA
NA

NIA

NA

NIA
N/A

NIA
NIA
NIA
NA

NIA

NA

NIA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA

NA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NA

NYA
NIA
NA
NA

NIA

NIA

N/A
NA
NIA
NIA
NIA
NA
NIA

NIA

NA

NA

NA
NIA

NIA

NYA

NA
NA
NIA

NIA

Exhibit C

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%
000%

000%

000%

0.00%

000%

00%
000%
9.00%

0.00%

0.00%

000%
0.00%
oom!

000%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

000%

000%
0.00%
000%

000%

0.00%

000%
000%

0.00%

00 e

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

9.00%

0.00%
0.00%

900%

000%

00%

00%

0.00%

00%
0 00%
0.00%

9.00%

0.00%

3.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

000%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

000%

000%
0.00%
000%

0.00%

NA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA

NiA

NA

NA
NA
NA

NIA

NiA

NA

NA

NIA

N/A

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NA

NIA

NIA

NIA,
NIA
N/A

NA

NA.

NA
NIA
NA

N/A

Exhibit C

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

0.00%
000%
O1s%
015%
015%

015%

018%
Oss

015%

0.15%

015%

018%
ols

O1s%

015%

O1S%

O1s%
015%

O1S%
O1s%
910%

910%
010%
010%
010%

0.10%

0.10%

010%

010%

0.10%
010%

0.10%

010%

010%
0.10%

0.10%

0.10%

010%

010%

O 10%

010%

000%
0.00%
075%
075%
075%

075%

075%
078%

075%

075%

075%

O73%
0.75%

075%

 

0 50%

050%

0.50%

050%
0.50%

050%

050%

0.50%

050%

0.50%

050%

0 50%

0.50%

NIA
NIA
NA
NA
NA
NA

NA
NA

NA
NIA
NIA
NIA

NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA

N/A
NA

NIA
NA
NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA

NA

NIA

NIA

NIA,
NIA

NIA

NA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA

NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA.

NIA,
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA

N/A

NA

NA

NA

NA

NIA

Exhibit C

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

010%

0.10%

010%

010%

010%

0.10%

0.10%

010%
010%
010%

C10%

010%

0.10%

o10%

010%

010%

010%

010%

0.10%
010%
0.10%

0.10%

010%

0.10%

010%

010%
0 10%

010%

010%

010%
0.10%
0.00%

0.00%
000%
00%
0.00%

00%

Oo

050%
050%
050%
030%
0 50%
050%
050%

050%
050%
0 S0%

050%
050%

050%

050%

0.50%

0.50%
050%

050%
050%

050%
050%
035%

035%
035%
035%
035%

035%

035%

NA

NA

NA

NIA

NA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

N/A

N/A

NIA

NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA

NA

NIA

NIA
NIA

N/A

NIA

NIA
NA
NA

NIA
NA
NYA
NA

N/A

NIA

Ext C

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

00%

0.00%

0.00%
0.00%
000%

000%

000%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

000%

0.00%

000%

000%

0.00%

0.00%

00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

000%

0.00%
0.00%
0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

0.00%

000%

0.00%

000%

000%

0.00%

000%
9.00%

 

035%

035%

035%
038%

035%

035%

0.35%
035%

033%

035%

035%

035%

 

035%

035%

0.35%

035%

035%

035%

035%

035%

038%

035%
035%
035%

035%

035%

0.35%

035%

035%

035%

O3S%

 

NA

NA

NIA
NIA

NA

NIA
NIA
NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NA

NIA

NIA

N/A

NIA

NIA
NIA
NA

NIA

NWA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

N/A

NIA

NA
NA

NIA

NA

NA
NIA
NA

NA
NA
NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NIA

NA

NIA

NYA

NIA

NIA

NA

NIA

NIA

NIA
NIA
NIA

N/A

NIA

NA

NIA

NIA

N/A

NIA

NIA

N/A

NIA
NA

DocuSign Envelope ID: B4D01BB9-C80B-4BEB-A4D1-768526025AF7

    
   
  
    
   

0.00% 035%
000% 035%
000% O35%
0.00% 0.35%

0.35%

ind’s Prospectus and/or SAI, Distributor or any afTiltate of
Sdition to the fees for the services contemplated by this

und 1s designated as “Correspondents (Fee-Based)” on
se contrary Fund/Agent further acknowledges and

ze NFS of its affiliates to allow the purchase of Class

Exhibit C

Janus Henderson

INVESTORS

September 5, 2019

National Financial Services LLC
499 Washington Blvd; NJ2D
Jersey City, NJ 07310

RE: Rule 15¢c3-3 Acknowledgement Letter
Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”) interpretive
guidance to Broker-Dealers regarding Customer Protection-Reserves and Custody of
Securities and the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 15c3-3(c), as amended
(the “Rule”),

In order for National Financial Services LLC (“NFS”) to be able to meet its obligations
pursuant to the Rule to maintain possession or control of its customers’ fully paid
securities carried by NFS for the account of its customers, NFS is required under
guidance issued by FINRA with respect thereto to have Janus Aspen Series (the
“Trust”), directly or through its duly authorized agent/representative, acknowledge in
writing as follows. By signing this letter as agent or representative for, or on behaif of,
the Trust, the undersigned hereby acknowledges the foregoing:

1. The uncertificated shares of Variable Insurance Trust or Variable Insurance
Product (“Units”) issued by each series of the Trust are for the exclusive benefit of
NFS’ customer and are not subject to any right, charge, security interest, lien or
claim in favor of the Trust or any administrator, transfer agent, or other
agent/representative of the Trust or any person claiming through any of the
foregoing, regarding those Units in the accounts maintained in the name of NFS
FBO JP Morgan (reference Cigna). NFS is the exclusive party with access to and
control over the accounts established pursuant to this letter.

2. The Trust, any administrator, transfer agent, or other agent/representative of the
Trust is not aware of any substantial problems of an operational nature which the
Trust may be experiencing and which may endanger the Units of customers of NFS
(held through NFS), including but not limited to, operational problems relating to the
maintenance of books and records that reflect accurate ownership information of
Units.

Janus Henderson Investors

151 Detroit Street, Denver, CO 80206
T (303) 336 4000

janushenderson.com

Janus Henderson Distributors

Janus Henderson

INVESTORS

3. Units issued by each series of the Trust are registered under the U.S. Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, are exempt from such registration, or are not otherwise
required to be so registered thereunder.

4. The Trust (or an appropriately designated agent or representative thereof) shall
notify NFS promptly in writing (including via e-mail) if any of the foregoing
statements/representations become inaccurate, or cease to be true and correct in
any material respect.

Sincerely,

Janus Aspen Series

By: ( ) = a7<e€e 2 —
Name: David Kelley

Title: | Head of the U.S. Transfer Agency

DocuSign Envelope ID: 4D5EE85C-B6AD-4F0F-90ED-6D0D93EAFD63

AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT, dated and effective as of December 1, 2019 is by and among
National Financial Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), Fidelity
Investments Institutional Operations Company, Inc. (“FIIOC”), and Janus Distributors LLC and
Janus Services LLC (collectively referred to herein as “Fund/Agent”). NFS, FBS and FIIOC are
collectively referred to herein as “Fidelity.”

WITNESSETH:
WHEREAS, NFS, FBS, FIIOC and entered into a Services Agreement dated April 1,
2009, as amended from time to time (the “Agreement”), with regard to certain administrative

services provided to beneficial owners of shares of mutual funds associated with Fund/Agent; and

WHEREAS, the parties now desire to amend the Agreement as provided for in the relevant
sections thereof.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises the parties now amend the
Agreement by:

qd) Restating in its entirety Exhibit C as attached hereto.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank. Signature page to follow.)

Mutual Fund Direct Platform Amendment 1
Confidential Information

DocuSign Envelope ID: 4D5EE85C-B6AD-4F0F-90ED-6D0D93EAFD63

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this amendment as of the date first
written above. By signing below, the undersigned represent that they are authorized to execute this
document on behalf of the respective parties. Notwithstanding any contradictory provision of the
agreement that this document amends, each party may rely without duty of inquiry on the foregoing
representation.

 

By:
Name:

Title:

Janus Distributors LLC

E. Ingram

President

 

Fidelit RESNGaes Services LLC
Member NYSE, SIPC
fludirw Beasley
E1F2C2800306480.
By:
Andrew Beas tey——
Name:

. Head of Business Development
Title:

 

 

Date: l2/s HG Date: _12/5/2019

 

By:
Name:
Title:

 

Date:

Janus Services LLC

Woe ree CR,

Fidelity Investments Institutional Operations
Co ¥4ch8iGned by:

Briaw Kurtow

 

 

 

 

 

By: 2812CF971D80417
Brian Hurton
David Kelle Name:
. Vice President
Head of U.S. Transfer Agency Title:
\=S= DS —~n Date: _ 12/5/2019

 

 

Mutual Fund Direct Platform Amendment

is)

Confidential Information

 

National Financial Services LLC

Member-8P¢SEeSiPC

Chanic Eurumia

By: 6BE45596D4C0483. .
——thartte-ceremta

Name:

Title:
Date:

 

vP

12/5/2019

 

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 4D5EE85C-B6AD-4F0F-90ED-6D0D93EAFD63 os
nibit

UNIVERSAL FEES

 

Fee Frequency Invoice Frequency Feex

by Add Fee ¢Stuct Up Feed neem Cn eee $1500 Her Furat Fumity « WAIVED

 

CUSIP Add Fee Opetime {$4000 Por CUSII? (Wawel CUI es an NTF Fund wathun Heokers

MME Implementation Fre 825000 Mer Fund Fann (WAIVED

 

 

   
 

    

 

 

 
   
     
  
 
 

   
 
 
    
 

   

 
 
       

        
         
 
   
 

 

 
   
 
  
 

    

   
 
 
        
    

 

       
      
    
    
 
    
 
   
  

   
   

   

   
 
 
     
 
    
 
   
       
 
   
     
         
 
      
 

 

Brakeraze Chasncl Participation FIOC Chanacl Participation
To Trawoction Foe NTF Fama Program
FIUGC Chuan Redemption
ancl Availabe "
NTE Chana Acailaih He ee Cony,
Chaat
Service | Minimum | Rosemgsion Fe
vovment_[ livid teva
ANUS TIL NDURSN ABSOLUTE RUTTEN INGORE

HAX anh ous M1 "i
loreomTUNITHES FD CL A ee Te a es Ls
JANES HIEADSERSON ADAMTIVE GLBL

JAGAX — anwrpy72 a ose NA na
ALLOCATION FRCL A ane
JANUS HENDEKSOR ASTA EQUETY P13 CL A JAQAX —arhunpsry A ome WA NA
ANUS HENDERSON IIALANCED FD CL A SDRAX TIONS A ase NA wa
ANUS HENDERSON CONTRARIAN FDDCL & JENAX—aniotcxaa” A OM NA Na
ANUS HENDERSON DIVERSIFRED -

< ana on Ww
ae aarntae mmbAX — sTtomet a NA NA
MDAVX —_aTtoNXaad A om NA na
IMPAX —atiaw'ssi™ ose MA nin
U8 HENDERSON LEMURCIING MARKETS
Hass res EMS MARKETS oy pnyrsy a oe NA Nn
ASUS HENDERSON LIMRGING MRKTS MANAGED
f o u
Matecien JOLAX—aniowpens A San nae
ANS HENDERSON ENTERDHISEE FD CLA MAK anneK9” A owe NIA nA
18 IMENDERSON EUROPEAN FOCUS FIM Cl. ~
JAS HENDERSON EUROMFAS FOCUSPIINDEL. pay ariorxnan A 1s, Nia NA
Laniis HENDERSON FORTY MDELA BAX sTovAaTs A wise NA WA
LANIIS IIENDERSON GLOWAL ALLOCATION:

: ovate wise "
lcomshkVATIVE FDL A HANK erretaned i Ls Ls
Anis LIEN RSEN GLOBAL ALLOCATION. .
seid patna KuCAX—sntorasoo a wise WA wa
JANIS TIENDERSON GLOWAL ALLOCATION. -

0 0 5
MODERATE PDEA IMOAX —a710vAxwo a SONIA NA
JANUS HENDERSON GLOBAL HOD EDEL A KWAK 79H" one NA wn
JANUS HENDERSON GLONAL EQUITY INCOR :

, 709K A 6
FINDELA WAX a7yONSU ‘ Me NA NWA
ASUS HENDERSON GLOMAL INCOM MANAGED -

. ons ;
weir shdeg JODAX —aneacrs a sm Nin Ns
SUS HENDERSON 6 LameSetNe “
PASS UENDEKSONCLOIRALLIFESCRNETSID pany yong ‘ cue OWA hin
18 HENDERSON 6. LESTATERD
PS UNDERSONCAE RA REALESTATE egy ging ; So oO
JANUS HWNDERSON GLOBAL RESEARCIETDCLA HDWAX — ana0ic%2a A ose NA nn
JANUS IENDERSONGLOMALSFLICTFDCLA — JORAX—agntnessan A oe NIA Ns
{US MENDERSON GLOMAL TECHINOLOCY FD
PALO KENDKSN LMA TERTINALOKEY Dray ennsy A Wise WA NA
JANOS IENDERSON GLOBAL VALUEYD CLA JTDPAK. 47,0234 A WS NA NA
JANIS [HENDH'RSON GROWTTT ANT INCOME FD -
AIS ENRON GROWTH AND INCOME —orane — pyoncege ' ose NA Nun
IANIIS IHENINRSIN JEGH)-YIELD FEL A YAK animes” A Or NA NA

    

DocuSign Envelope ID: 4D5EE85C-B6AD-4F0F-90ED-6D0D93EAFD63

 

vm

vn

vn

vm

ve

vin

vat

vn

wn
vn

van

vn

vn

vin

ven

wn

vin

vn

vin

vn

wn

vin

vn

vn
vm

wn

wn

vn

vm
vn
vm

vat

vn

vn
vat
vot
vat
vw

vn

win

ven

vat

vn

wn

wn

vin

vin

ven

vin

wn

ven

vit
va

vn

vn

vn

wes

vine

vn

vn

ws

vis

vin

vent

ven

vin

ven
vet
vn

win
vin

vn
vn
vin

vin
vin

vn
vin
vm

vin
ven
vn
vn
vn

ven

a0 |

swe

st

some

 

an |

yan |

tan |

m1
sa

a0

oan

0

son

ams

ant

sue

ene

so

an

ae

xe
mere

xsv0

so
seu

x60

ms

“sr0

aero

 

seu
so

sto

me

sun

seu

mse

 

san

nn

“wo

sun

 

ume

sma

‘m0

 

“00

no

woo

 

 

KO

0
moe
mot
mon

iO

os

vs.

vs

vs

ons

os

ons.

ons:

ws
vis.

ons

ws

us

us

 

ts.

ms.

as

vis

ws.
us.
vs

vis
os

vis
ons
ons

ws
ois

ois
vis
wis
os
ms

as
ms
vis
as

 

 

Ong

vn
vant
vee
va
vm
vn
vax

van

vow
vin

van
va
vee
van
vn
ven
vn
vin
vm
ven
va
wn
vn

vn
vat
vn

ann
vn

vm
van

seiko
vm
vn

vn
vn
vn
vm
vm

vex
vn
vn

vxivo

vine

 

lasveuter

aerezolce

 

seravon a

Texvanter

pouveoter

woswel er

 

sarvaunlce
yseocoter

veoxeoiar
(ocular
levenorer
orexvolLr
resstumier
omexuinier
rece ne
wont ar
SOMONE
PaAmolee
exeelar
Pecuge

= Nuceater

 

_coracorer

SSeAROIeE

wol outer

 

   

Neon

DIAL

 

= PRONOL GE
_oteveoner
CCIE

.OOXWOLLE

 

xo

sone

oe

xO

xu

soon

x220¢

xovor

p00
xaove

xour

Xoitlt

Xam

xoWK

xoway

sOwNT

MAKE

xa

NON

youve

xa0wr

xavelt

xOavr

xwaur
XVLAt
xVAdr

xVADH
xvoor

xvemy
xvnlor
xwvail

awscte

XvUSt

xwicr
xVvorwe

swe
xvive
xvait

xvoatt

xo

                                            

(UAVS THE WOT NONMEKINAT SUNY

LESIONS SLIP Isto NOREEN SANvs|
as

UIDVRVIN DAOONI RYHO TS) NOSTEICH

“NOLLYOOTIV IVE

“ROLLY XY TY “1¥HIC

CIDVINVIN SLM NOME NOS MICINGHIE SEINYE
sees 1}
CN SLISHWRE ONLINE NOTICING STAN!

YTOCLC10A CIDVRYPY SLND!

WTO G4 NOLALL NOSE SONVT]
vlan
CuSO CDAD COMO THAR NOSMENTIT STUNYS

 

 

V-1D Gd aN TVA V9 ‘TIViNSs Nosmtd

VD (ONO PRELL EMO

YD CURE TEDL NOSHEKINE

LU BAOONE HOR
VD dl AIT IVA EY CDN NOREEN

LANA NONEIINGIN SANS

 

vetoes

(CLE RUTVA TVNOLLVSOELLNE RONHEKINAT SLINWE)
YD INN SILLINNLHOMIC

FY NOLLVAOCLLNE NOSMEK! ANY!

¥19Ad wal

CGIOVNYAOTVNOULVNELLNT NOSAGIUNGI SAAN!

 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 4D5EE85C-B6AD-4F0F-90ED-6D0D93EAFD63

ven

vin

vn

vn
vn

vn

vn
vn
vin

vis

vat

vax

vat
vx
vat
vn

vin

vm
vat
vet

ves

ven

vin
wn

vn

vn

vin

vm
vn
vine
vin

vat

vn

vn

wn

vn

vn

vn

vin

vai

vik

vn

vn

vn

vn

vs

win

wn

vn

vm
vax

vt

vn

vn

ven
vn
von
ven
ven

vn

ves

5

3

vn

yin

vin

vin

viN

vin

wn

vin

me

worn

sar

 

 

sano

m0!

se |

su

a

ea
sear

sami

amt

wert

sunt
nant
0
swt

sun

sua)

nent

men |

aan

sean

mt

sant

mae

ae

sun

samt

rt

wt

m0

 

 

sane,

sa

m0
“00

‘00

 

 

 

a0

en

se

 

“oo

eu

son

sis

as.

os.

ms
vs.

ws

ws.

 

ons.

vs.

ms.
ns
us.
os

us.

 

vis

ns

as.

os.
os

vis.

ot

os

ms
ols
ols
os
os

ons

ws

us

vis

vs

vs

vis

as

vs

ms.

 

os

vis

vs

 

us
zs

 

x KM MK

*

“uKMH RK x

x

Mux om

xox

x

MORK MR OM

Se

 

“610

aslo

‘S10

mst0

 

vm

vi

vag
vat

vat

vn

vm

vm
vn
vin
vm
vn

vm

vas

vn

vin

ven

vn

vn

vn

van

vat

vat

vin

vin

v

v

vy

»

v

ve

¥

¥

¥

v

»

¥

emvuoter

eeveotr

sorveoter

souuiler
sSyVEOLLe

oremar

 

Feexvolee

NCSL

TemXQU LEE

 

svewnoier

 

iiehoter

sumer

wrcAanier

peeveorr

coz nuier
sonar

 

PswALONLE

lotroler

escezmar

ole

 
 

setvivier
cer eoter
mesh olee

wsz eo

recwnniar

Fioxteunge

netxenbar

TuLveo ur

etexvotr

irsviorar

oxsuor a

arvcuter

ancoler

rsreneter

crezoter

msorour

oteyone

 

Shon
xa

xu
XAKaE

xavar

XNOM
x1vur
xiovE
xIvont

 

‘

x10NE
XOMAt

KOAME

xouent

xs

xaxie
xonene

OVA

xo

XOUINe

XOwAt
Naver
xowe
XO

Xone

XOAWT

Xone

xoalr

xO!

Xu

ONT

dollar

xomnae

xOlpe

xouir

22008

xoove

xonior

xoMar

IND SLIME

Toca senenert

CEIDVNYIN TYNOLLYNOELENE NOS)
S719 Cd ALIN OSHLICINE

Dey JOA CINE
Pca

“1918 OND POEL HONS NOSIEICANE

[Oc ITY LOS TS NOREEN

 
 

saad TD 1A TIDAVEISETA NOSE

sed) TE Cd HTT TV NON

“19.11 AIYTVA dV 10960] NOSESINSI NONVT|
cons
AAINTVA TVNOLLV NALINI NOSEICINTTT SUNY G]

end TCE ATW TVET NOSMEKINEAL SCN)

sees TD INO
CUNILSNOONA TVHOTS NOSEICNCTH SuNV|

 

919.4 VASA TVHOD NOS EICINALE SONYE)

DocuSign Envelope ID: 4D5EE85C-B6AD-4F0F-90ED-6D0D93EAFD63

van
vx
vin

vin

wn

vee

vet
vin
vat

vant

vn

wn
vn

wn

vm

vax

vin
vn
vn

vn

ves

vn

va

vin

van
vn
van
vn

vn

vin

vin

vm

vin

vet

vin
vn
wn

vin

wn

wn

win

van

van

vn

veg

vn
vn

vin

vn

vin
vis
vin

vin

vin
vn

wn

vn

vin

vas
vat
vin
vin

wn

vn

vn

wn

wn

wn

vax

vin

ven

vn

vn

vn

wn

vn

vn

win

vin

wn

 

 

worn,

mao

miro

muro

wre

orn

orn

sole

sao

a0

 

soo

00
van

nn

seni

 

 

 

on

amr

amo

“wo
“0
“mo

wn

 

 

os.
vs

 

ole

ms

 

ot
vs
vs

os.

vis

ois

vis

vis

ns

ons

ons.

ots

as

smn

 

m0

00

sono

 

uno
mo
sano

mmo

 

zs
us

us

x

eOMM KM MM MORK OH

x

RRR KK KR KR MMH KM KKK K

*

JAN

 

 

222

Runznrz

os 2222

tesxaunar

 

caseamnar

rmicoet

viene

secrewier
Soutuetar
sesttmar
FeAoter

wor oueler
eseoumer

samAuoler

axjouerer

zrectmer

 

vata toner
oreveeter
ror nolar

ciscerr

iecouner

 

sev eolur

sosemotr

suzxuoler

smxuier

sventar
hesoemtr
oqoeoler

rerzoler

exrctutur

evenzorer

sesoueer

eetowutar

wxsvuntar

sorezoree

ve leoler

Torxwuler
zs

 

our

                           

 

   

somal
xe
XN
saint
ONL
Xone NOON ONSOIA I NOSHICINE
xnvas
xNNOE
xNiive
xwove
xevail OID NICS “TV NOSHLIONS
N'Da NOUY,
xxove
“WETD A LLAVLY NONI
NHC NC
XNAT ADEE SORT SATE
XaDar “ILE ANY IVA ava mesos HEINE

RABI TID CLSUYIVAdIvo TIVWs NOMEN!

xine N19 IOA

 

                

LY IVA TVNOLLVNAELINT NOSHEICINELIE SANE]
TD CNEL STLLINTLEMORIO}
AW HOILYRACLLAL HOSHEIC
119 CINSLE ALU
WVNOLLVRNM LL!

 

UY ALUNOS0 TY NOLLYAXGLENT NOSE

MALE

xenon

 

bbe

rpaad

ee CNIVELSINGOND) TYSIOS NOS HSIN SP

oe COLAO 0FTORD ELL IVEIO"TS NOS MEINE!
somWo
xan
XPEN
xiar

xian

nt HOON] ALINOGUTVHO'TD NOHO
xoine 1D CANO TVAO TO NOSEIANCT

DocuSign Envelope ID: 4D5EE85C-B6AD-4F0F-90ED-6D0D93EAFD63

vn
vn

vin.

vn

vx
vn
vn
va
vn

vas

vex
vee

ven

vas
vin
vin
ven
vn

ven

vn
vn

vn

vee

vi

vee
vn
vn

vn

vn

vn
vn
vax

vat

vin

vm
vn
vn

vn

wn

vm

vn

vn
vn

vn

van
ve

wn

vin

wn
vIn

vin

vn

vt

vn

wn
vn

wn

vin

vn
vn
vin

vin

ven

vm

vn

vn

wn
vin

x6L0
‘Lo

seo

“sto

seu
xsi
xen

msL0

mse

*seo
msc
asc
sun

suo
sen
seu
‘xoo
xan

sami

 

 

anv

amo

war

“mo

 

anu

oon

son

 

“mo

0

mov

00

oon

oon

sone

 

orn

mar

mer

sone
sone
smo

unre

‘no

00

uo

 

ant

morn

cores

 

 

 

 

env

soon

 

same

oun

mo

‘m0

moo

 

same

sumo

sumo

“m0

‘00
soon

“ovo

 

oro

wm

on
ames

00

wo
mo
“no
m0
‘m0

xo

mo
sor

wane

“on

on

 

amo

‘mo

“mo

“no

Moro

monn

ano

amin

xm
x00

can

wen

‘wero

 

were

um

m0

ome

ano
00

‘woo

aH

*

KM Me

eg

“0
“Ho

uno

00

“0
mo
mr
mu
sown

moe

mo
mano

uno

“no

“m0

sane
vm
vist

vat

von
vat

van

van

vow

vent

vine

vn
ven

vin

vn

van

vx
vat
vn

ve

vn

vm

vn

vm
vn

vm

xx

x ox

ex

Rx2xexx x xx x

zz22

Z2uzn xn =z

zz22z22 22

zzz

z

zzzz2z

z

sccnwinr
osrnour

wezoroter

 

srexvoler

 

ECON
ocomvoee
Ivor
mecounicr

excoumar
srawuler
ORNL
SRECTEOILE
olcetumier

FieAGmr

 

ur
coucisolee

Iexavolur

scLanoler

 

IsQceONe

nesceonee

sosALotLe

ene xeolur

 

cevxvorer

osmeeoler

wmcnoier

eoxerulce

leretentar

 

ur
someone
eeceuotr

wevAuone

Iyacoler

ole

 

paracnoler

sowcHOLLY
sumer

poset iar

dove
soar

sacle

soot

cia
SHALE
SOHNE

Neues
XNSAr
xnvEr
XNKIE

XNA

Ne

 

xsosil

rene

aN
XNALE
XNNCE

XN

xnonr
xnLye
XN
nunc
IME

XNNA

xNODE

dowd

xe
XN
XNdGr

1D cad HO VasiTM NOSMEKINAL SCANVi|
21719 (Ld SVESHEIAD NOSHEKINAN SE

WTOC HE TVA AV I NOSEKINET

   
 

 

                      

 

(A119 G4 SYENWIAG NONTECING

CAIOONE ALIAS LIAN NOSE
RANMA AVS

| Neen sane PR ype) NN) [OK

SUID CLAN TVA WHO'D NoMHAaNA sruNVE

PPE) = ray Sree ema YMRALD amon | Swe]

(OLD = pang sooo a1] gy) woman] | sae]

"1D Among postearyy suo] yajotyy GemsDpaD | sme
orc
MAMOONE ALIN TYHOED NOSMEKING

ADDI CISOH THO NON

 

(ATO CE AMO NC
A019. A UNG TSIDOPT NOSMCKING SN)

DocuSign Envelope ID: 4D5EE85C-B6AD-4F0F-90ED-6D0D93EAFD63

vat

vn

van

vn
vas
ves

van
van
vn
vn
vn
win
vn
vn

ve
ve
ve

ven

vn

vin
vin
vin
vin
vex
vn
vin
van
vn

vn

vat
vam

vn

van
vant
vat

ve
vex
vie

vn

vn
vn
vn
vn

vn
vn
wm

vn

vn

vx

vin

wn
wn

vn

vn

ve

vn

vin

vn

vin

wn

vn

vn

vn

vm
vm

vm
vas
ven
ven

wn

vn

vn

vin

va
vn
vn
vm

ve
vet
vew

os

worn

ses

m5 0

a0

ms 0

os

wos
0.0
nos

sosn

“60

ms

uso

so

mas 0

“sn

0s0

mos 0

mos

050

mos 0
x05 0

so50
ws
ws0

oso

wos

 

so 0

mo
m0
5 0
m0

50
to
“seo

 

more

sore

a0

sat o

sano

sow

 

sore
more

sore

more

 

wre

worn

orn

sore

 

 

stn

xsto

xsr0

“10

 

slo

“S10

“sro

“510

“s10

stn

astm

stu

 

sro

10
“510

“sro

“S10

“sto

xsto

meen

mst
st
xst0
SIO

S10
moro

mo

 

mo

“mo

‘00

 

mn

wn

“mo

“mo

“m0

soon

on

no

mo

“00

saxo

unre

‘sont

amy

came

00

“mo

m0

00

 

sove

env

ami

awe

sano

soo

wo

“00

00
00
000
oxo

oo
soon

on

MORK K MR

*

KRM Kx

xx

™

eK MMMM H

eas

soru

orn

orv

more
tore
oro,

wore.

oro

moro

moro

orn

sor

“orn

sro
“ro.

miro

wero

 

‘ro

ro

“aio

iro

eo

“iro

ro

 

worn

sor

“orn

worn

mores

sore

ro

‘aro

ro

“ir
eae
“oro
wore

“orn
orn

xo

*

wnnenn

ae

cot uoter

ntazolee

oe turer

sazezoee
atveour
orroler

sarenorar

 

mezviolce
oschotce
simular
arxuoue
csaviour
reenter

xIsvLorer

sssownler

 

scevcone

wor oeoter

 

osexnorcr
sresivoner
osmaviar
cimvuonee

uevunie

 

novunar

ocenoter

wsxwoer
eLenotLe
excauote

ruyxroter

 

mar
IweXOLEE

smecoler

 

ostcnoie

on noler
sel nolar

XS

xsise

xavar
xem
xno

XxSnne
2g
XSIVE
xNalr
xsvIH
xOoM
XSW
Ste
xcs
XADI
Xow

star
xsour
avr
2nHOF
socnnr
ste
enka
xsenr
xsnall
sear
xSonr
xsone

xsvor

HOUT
xLaVE

XACIVE
XSI
XLNDE
XSF
sere
xs
AOKI

sever

xiNor
sone
xsovr
xOVOU

eve
Saw
my

              

STD CU AVIVA dV TIVANS NOSHACINAH SARY]
8 7TDC GN OH RELL LMOTIS NOMENA Sp

SEGA RETWA LCT NOSHIINTIEE STN

S71 cL HOH YaNrd NOMeKREH st
S710 Cha NROLLEDA TER NOSEICATIET SANE
81D Ca SVASIIAO ROSIN SANVT]

CGLDNO ONT HO.LS:Is LCT Noma SANE]

          

CGUNIVLESNOONUE TYHOT NONE

(41 ADO TONED ALTHO ID NoRaLIC

 

81D CLES THOT) Neste

WHO TS NONE

 

CUSELV LSE IV TYHOTD NOSHEICEREH

GL SONGS ET -TYHO°1D NORAIICINCILE SINE!
s1odaK
CDV RVI ANODRI THOT NOB HICINE

           
 

 

EEANODNE A.LIND|TVHOTD NOSHEICIN|)
S1DG4 NOU THOT OSA ICINCII

sped
SNOLLVOOTIV THHOTD NOH
x

  

DocuSign Envelope ID: 4D5EE85C-B6AD-4F0F-90ED-6D0D93EAFD63

vn

vn

vee

vin

vn

wn

wn

vn

vn
vi
vn

vin

vn

vin

vm

vat

vm

vm

vine

va

vat

vn

vn

wn

vin

wn
vn

vn

vin
va
vat

vat

vine

vn

vin

vin
vin
vin
wn

vin
vin
vin

vn

ve

vn
ve

vn

vn

ven

vin

ven

ven

wn

vx

wn
vn

vin

vn

vn

vn

ws

vx

wn

vn

vn

vm

vn

vn

vm

vas

vat
vas

vat
vn
vn
wn
wn
vn
vn

vn
vn
vn
van
vs
ven
vn

win

vin

vin
vin

vin

 

x

aso

wa

agen

 

mas

sen

seu

seu

mse

meu

sL0

“so

sro

mein

xen

meen

 

“M0

arn

son

mano

sano

“mo

ann

“on

 

woo

no

soon

aay)

son)

one

sone

 

 

vis

as

vs

ws

ws.

as

 

mt

ws.
us.

us.
us
ors
as
ols.
ons
vis
ns.
ns
ns.
ons.
os.
ws

os

ne
oy

os

ols
ms
vis

os
as.

ws

os.

 

zs

 

us

us

zs

*

mu K RM OM

x MK MOK

x

x

x MK EM OH

woMM MOK

“xx

Hu KR RRKKM KH OK

*

x un Hw

nM eK KR OK

x

x

x RM MR OK

MS

“v0

m0

“v0

oso

sen

sen

xen

mio

‘xsv0
SLO
nsL0

nseu

mse

sen

seo

xen

we0

“so

neo

sv

sen

asin

*

 

sasen

st

 

“sro

“510

“v0

 

cro

“s10

ss10

asco

ase

 

 

 

sunicolr

moet

onvuelr

asscreu ler

 

oes hear

ecixenar

uraveotar

mxenler

 

wocncniar

nearconer

tence

couche

wrzoler

wraeoler

oon ecole

wsvyoler

tentiner

rcueotgr

arexeotar

carauolr

stsccoter

vestwler

woretolar

 

teenie

ooxemicr

reriteoter

eexennae

exwcuemter
ssovzoler

 

mee vont

sttanorer
exam
aagitverar

ce9Avoler

conmveone

coneenr
ceroueter

oxcaumnee

SVE

AINE

xed

xLar

 

Loan

xuNer
xu

uve
XANVE
Inve

axeye
XVADE
xu
xiv
XNHOF
Xen
xaMir
siove
XL

anna

 

xMuNt

IAB
Xow
xSNvE
xiovr
xteve

aside
xNAVE
xaner
Xue
LINE
ALI

aavae

xLveL
XLDAC
xsiac
XSsull
sean
SNM
xiv
Savor

svat

                                   

JD Cit LISSIVIN GING. NOSEICIN

11 UATTVA VO CITY NOS*ECIN:

G4 AUTTVATYNOLLVROELLNT NOSPEKING

cnn

SCIVNS “TV NOLLVNHELLL NOSMEKINE
ann 8

CINE ALIN CHOSE
SIVNOLLVNAGHLNI NOS EICINEIEE SAN¥E|

Go ALLNO00 TVNOLLVNAELLN SOSEICENE:
41D GA RAOUL NOS HIN

CoC ARSOONE CORY ILL NONREHINE

  

ASINOIN UNGINRREEAGD NONEIIN
LAD CL TWA “IVsi0' to NOS

ANI StL 904 NIVEL

sO cu psriearaa
CGOVHV SLNHH Ost
UNNE SLIOEW EE

SDN IOA CDV

STDC MOD SCL NOSMEKIN:
S719 CLE NOLILL NOSEKINERI SCAN)

 

SE C41 AION D1 SULA NOSHEK INA SEIN)

DocuSign Envelope ID: 4D5EE85C-B6AD-4F0F-90ED-6D0D93EAFD63

[0 LN 09 8g mA PUP LN IO gS NN RINT FUNENS| LLN POEMERGRUNAT Ht PEM, §
re enh parents ej #35) mney Pavey 2m WA [eS AEA sp Wt Aaa spaIaoM on GHG 0 KURSY "wes APRWEARY PRR RW Af POUR EASES .EHESRNUIP fo BOEEL Sol SAD AO ASF) \PE-UOSHUEAAY:y) stipeansans0y An) af O}MRTP NAL AMEND 2g m3 ang yD Ae AaAPUMESIL AN
suey Ag pozaRgne 9g Is NPR DEMON HELMS eH MAIN NOM Y
Sumac ao a}YELIEA se POHL FmgeA Joy PALIN HAO} Pp dM:
uray sha og PRYOND KIOKAION HO £98) A OF WIPE UOREACINS 5} HH HIRE 3 98 NCD eel

    

‘ering json
Sets wg yrs 0 amg 9 EM se OHSS SS van POTN wt Awa eNO) YANN SHUEY a Sq SAME yD Jo MN A HT RIE HH NC HOA pl AY sl Aen Se RNAI SAKE AHMED AAA Pm AE HO,

       

ani 4 on Sok INE AVE Rp AYE KONE ANE HE GANA ASHER KONI Py S3} pM Rg AASoRRD Ko) poeRIINA MARI
8 ong fon pee a GES em STRUNK Pew RAO] WORT ARTI FY HL RFID 1 Lg RIO UY TON oN KIA BK SUE) eH ELEN Spy PO SUIS | > YEW LL SFL KD KAN pen OY uAN REY FEM, RETAIN patmMRUE Ro) AUSPUNAEALIO) ch MAKER) PERLE 4 UNSEEN OY ASPEN SjyeyIRNE
pea om Seu PME A> YEE EMT CRE AOA) HUDPINNbALIN-. sw PONATHND 9 aN} =| AOR TyIO AEM PE ESNRLENP WA SPlEy SHORISAHAPR ASP! HA ASL WMH PSISECEN 2H PAPUNN SSDP. 10 IPR MONAREANON, ME aH BOA FN mr HA > MEwRAN) SeN A SQ pm fo xR

  

  

2 NAN BE NHNID Ad RIA OER PIED EY ae

asaya elastin sak 2 Je A99f SAP OF MONS UF UORREAOMN SEP PLANE Y 880), ta (PY PALO BeN}) SREY HTH [EMHUL M+ AUR NIFORE INKED PE 1K POU SAK Je) KOpeS ULES Hy UoRENUNlENND ee RNIN EO IEF YR a MHGUSIC MH) AI IAEA Hoy OFA
(pms eet eR] AX fo MeL NE 20 EMAL TSS pA KMART 5 YES Chl SETI UNAM. py>UMI) AARON ag I AA>UeNSTS t pABN) ave yo years tals aoe WO} YT Oh OIE A EN HISPHATVS YP SISAL RAKIM) ep Kp we aN KAP JOIN OA ACRE NOES PY HE AERC wa

Friaod puree Autmp payee S35 MPRA 3 AAD FONRH AIBN [MIMD aMfeID OHH] JO NaI Gq PONE GNIS Ys SPSONNA pA [PND AEE YU Hod spa SEIS | PANE. ANY MINED AERO

wosizonee

sone
UIE
xavalt

XADSE
xasve

LAS
so
xueur
xsove

 

LUNE

ong

DocuSign Envelope ID: D3622BE9-5C4D-4F 17-882D-F819FO8FOFA7

June 4, 2020

Janus Distributors LLC

Janus Services LLC

151 Detroit Street

Denver, CO 80206

Attn.: Ginger Fanning, Bryce Tocquigny, Susan Cattand

Re: Term Extension for Fidelity FundsNetwork’s Select Program

 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is hereby made to that certain Services Agreement dated April 1, 2009, by and among
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC (“FBS”), National Financial Services LLC (“NFS”), Fidelity
Investments Institutional Operations Company, Inc. (“FITOC”) and, together with FBS and NFS,
(“Fidelity”) and Janus Distributors LLC and Janus Services LLC (together, “Fund/Agent”), as
amended (the “Agreement’’), including as amended by that certain Amendment to Services
Agreement dated July 1, 2018 pursuant to which the Fund/Agent enrolled to become a
participant in Fidelity’s Select Program (the “Select Program Amendment”). All capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in
the Agreement (including the Select Program Amendment).

In light of the business disruption triggered by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, Fidelity is
willing to extend the current term of the Select Program by six months on the terms and
conditions set forth below (the “Select Program Extension”), which shall be deemed to amend
the Select Program Amendment, provided that each Member of the Select Program individually
agrees in writing to the Select Program Extension. Fidelity shall notify the Members if and when
each Member has agreed in writing to the Select Program Extension and upon that notice to the
Members this “Letter Agreement” and the Select Program Extension shall thereupon be deemed
to be in full force and effect.

1. The Initial Term of the Select Program shall be extended six (6) months and shall
terminate on June 30, 2021 (the “Extended Term End Date”). As a result of this
extension, Fidelity anticipates that the succeeding two year term will run from July 1,
2021 to June 30, 2023.

2. Fidelity is also extending the due date for the Renewal Notice (required to exercise the
Member’s right of first refusal to enroll for the succeeding program term) to 90 days prior
to the Extended Term End Date (i.e. a Member must return the signed copy of the
Renewal Notice to Fidelity at least 90 days prior to the Extended Term End Date to
exercise their right of first refusal to participate in the next term of the Select Program).

DocuSign Envelope ID: D3622BE9-5C4D-4F 17-882D-F819FO8FOFA7

3. The amount of Select Program Fee for the remaining Initial Term shall be unchanged
notwithstanding the six-month extension to the Initial Term. The remaining portion of
the Select Program Fee of $2,000,000 for 2020 shall be paid (at the election of the
Fund/A gent) either (i) on the same basis as it has been paid to date under the Select
Program Amendment ($500,000 per calendar quarter payable in arrears) or (ii) prorated
evenly across the remaining unpaid quarters payable in arrears (e.g., a Member that is
paid up through the first quarter of 2020 and has a remaining balance of $1,500,000 may
elect to pay that amount over the remaining five (5) calendar quarters in increments of
$300,000 per quarter).

4. With respect to the CUSIP Fee Waiver program feature, Fidelity shall waive for each
Member fees otherwise payable to Fidelity for a Member’s C-shares and Low Balance
CUSIPS up to an aggregate of $100,000 in 2021 based upon such Member’s participation
in the Initial Term of the Select Program (i.e. the existing $200,000/year rate pro rated for
the six-month extension). Fidelity anticipates that Members renewing their participation
in next term of the Select Program will receive as a program benefit an additional amount
waived with respect to 2021.

This Letter Agreement shall be deemed to be a side letter amendment to the Agreement and shall
be governed by, subject to and construed in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

DocuSign Envelope ID: D3622BE9-5C4D-4F 17-882D-F819FO8FOFA7

The undersigned have executed this letter agreement as of the date set forth above.
AGREED TO & ACCEPTED BY:

JANUS DISTRIBUTORS LLC

[sate Ingram
By:

QF2NGFCR720142R
Name: John E. Ingram
Title: President

JANUS SERVICES LLC
DocuSigned by:
David Kelley
By: 3F13F 0265741438
Name: David Kelley
Title: Head of U.S. Transfer Agency

 

FIDELITY BROKERAGE SERVICES LLC

DocuSigned by:

[ tude Brasley

FAc2808s664a5-—
Andrew Beasley

By:
Name:

 

Title: Head of Business Development

NATIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES LLC

DocuSigned by:

Kolurt Rocco
By: 1466.
Name: Robert Rocco

Title: vice president

FIDELITY INVESTMENTS INSTITUTIONAL
OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC

DocuSigned by:

Briow Hutow

By: oarcoosseaa74ce.
Name: 8rian Hurton

Title: vice president

