Exhibit 10(ee) CONTRACT AGREEMENT This Contract Agreement is made and effective as of October 27, 2004, by and between The Dayton Power and Light Company, a corporation of the State of Ohio, (hereinafter called Purchaser), with offices at US Route 52 (4 miles east of Aberdeen), Aberdeen, Ohio, 45101, and Pullman Power LLC, a Limited Liability Corporation of the State of Maryland, (hereinafter called Contractor), with offices at 1575 Universal Avenue, Ste. 230, Kansas City, Missouri 64120.  Wherever the word “Subcontractor” is used in this Contract, it shall be deemed to mean the Contractor.  Purchaser and Contractor (collectively, the Parties) agree as follows: In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other valuable consideration, receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: Contractor agrees to provide all adequate and competent labor, plus all materials, equipment, tools, supplies, transportation, supervision, technical and professional and other services and items, and to perform all operations necessary and required for the complete performance of the work (“Work”) for the J.M. Stuart Station AQC Project, in accordance with Specification No. 069685.71.0409 (the Specification). Purchaser shall pay to Contractor, in the manner indicated within the Specification, for the complete and satisfactory performance of all the Work, a firm, fixed lump sum amount of $31,000,000.00, which the Contractor shall accept as full compensation therefore. Time is a material consideration of this Contract Agreement.  The Work shall be performed in accordance with the schedule provided within the Specification.  The Parties agree that neither this Contract Agreement nor any other portion of the Specification releases Contractor to proceed with any portion of the Work described herein.  Such release shall only be made by Purchaser’s issuance of a Purchase Order (or Purchase Orders) to Contractor, which may release Contractor for all or only a portion of the Work described herein.  The commercial terms and conditions contained herein supercede the terms and conditions which are included with said Purchase Order. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Purchaser and Contractor have signed this Contract Agreement in triplicate. 1

Pullman Power LLC (Contractor) By (Printed Name) By (Signature) (Title) (Date) Contractor Federal Tax ID Number The Dayton Power and Light Company (Purchaser) By A. A. Farrell (Printed Name) (Legal Dept.) By (Signature) (Purchasing Dept.) (Title) (Date) By W. S. Wolff (Printed Name) By (Signature) (Title) (Date) 2

BASIS OF CONTRACT GENERAL This Basis of Contract covers certain designated stipulations agreed upon during negotiations between The Dayton Power & Light Company (Purchaser) and Pullman Power LLC  (Subcontractor) for the furnishing of the Concrete Stack (the Work) for the J.M. Stuart Station AQC Project, in accordance with Specification No. 069685.71.0405. SCHEDULE The agreed upon schedule for the Work is as detailed in Section 01100 of the Specification. PRICE The agreed upon Total Firm Lump Sum Price for performing the Work is $31,000,000.00, as itemized in the Commercial Data Section. The Total Firm Lump Sum Price does not include the cost of 100% Performance and Payment Bonds. The Total Firm Lump Sum Price includes all payroll and related compensation taxes and does not include applicable state and local sales or use tax. INVOICE ADDRESSES Original invoices shall be sent to Purchaser’s Engineer at the following address: Black & Veatch Corporation (Agent for DP&L) 11401 Lamar Avenue Overland Park, KS 66211 Attn. Carlin Knudsen, Asst. Project Manager PURCHASER/ENGINEER CONTACT INFORMATION Correspondence to Purchaser and to Black & Veatch Corporation (“Engineer”) shall be directed as stated in the Supplementary Conditions. 1

SUBCONTRACTOR CONTACT INFORMATION Correspondence to Subcontractor shall be directed as follows: Company: Pullman Power LLC Address: 1575 Universal Ave, Ste. 230 Kansas City, MO 64120 Name: Mr. David Clary Phone: 816-231-7400 Fax: 816-241-5582 E-mail: dclary@structural.net DELINEATIONS Wherever wording in the Specification is printed with double underscore with side bars, such wording has been added to the original text, and wherever wording is printed and struck through with side bars, such wording has been deleted from the original text, both to reflect mutually agreed upon revisions. 2